90 Caliber Net	90 Caliber Net
Caitlyn fires a heavy net to slow down her target and deal magic damage. The recoil knocks Caitlyn back 400 units. Caitlyn can also fire one long-ranged Headshot at netted targets.
Absolute Zero	Absolute Zero
Nunu begins to sap the area of heat, gradually slowing all nearby enemies. When the ability ends, he deals massive damage to all enemies caught in the area.
Abyssal Voyage	Abyssal Voyage
Passive: Tahm Kench's basic attacks, Tongue Lash and Devour deal bonus magic damage. Active: Tahm Kench opens his maw, offering an ally a spot inside his belly. Once they jump in, or once Tahm Kench decides he's diving solo, he starts channeling, conjuring a whirlpool beneath him before diving in, reappearing a few seconds later at his target location.
Acceleration Gate	Acceleration Gate
Jayce deploys an Acceleration Gate increasing the movement speed of all allies who pass through it. If Shock Blast is fired through the gate the missile speed, range, and damage will increase.
Ace in the Hole	Ace in the Hole
Caitlyn takes time to line up the perfect shot, dealing massive damage to a single target at a huge range. Enemy champions can intercept the bullet for their ally.
Acid Hunter	Acid Hunter
Urgot fires a missile towards the cursor dealing physical damage and applying his passive (does not apply other on-hit effects). Missile-lock can be achieved by holding the cursor over target afflicted by Noxian Corrosive Charge. It will lock onto invisible units, but it will not reveal targets hit. If Acid Hunter kills an enemy, half the mana cost is refunded.
Adrenaline Rush	Adrenaline Rush
Dr. Mundo regenerates 0.3% of his max health each second.
Aegis of Zeonia	Aegis of Zeonia
Pantheon leaps at an enemy and bashes the enemy with his shield, stunning them. After finishing the attack, Pantheon readies himself to block the next attack.
Aegis Protection	Aegis Protection
After attacking or casting spells 4 times, Pantheon will block the next normal attack that deals more than 40 damage to him.
Agony's Embrace	Agony's Embrace
Evelynn impales all enemies in the targeted area, dealing a percent of their maximum Health in magic damage and slowing their Movement Speed for a short time. Evelynn then siphons their pain, gaining a shield for each enemy Champion hit which lasts a short time.
Alpha Strike	Alpha Strike
Master Yi leaps across the battlefield with blinding speed, dealing physical damage to multiple units in his path and bonus damage to minions and monsters. This can critically strike for a percent of Master Yi's AD.
Ambush	Ambush
Twitch hides in the shadows, waiting for a nearby enemy. If he attacks, he will gain bonus attack speed.
An Acquired Taste	An Acquired Taste
Tahm Kench applies a stack of An Acquired Taste to all enemy champions he hits with basic attacks or damaging abilities. Against enemies with three stacks, his Tongue Lash and Devour are enhanced.
Apprehend	Apprehend
Passive: Darius hones his axe, granting him {5/10/15/20/25} % armor penetration. Active: Darius sweeps up his enemies with his axe's hook, pulling them to him while briefly granting vision in the area around the pull. Enemies pulled by Apprehend are slowed for a short duration.
Aqua Prison	Aqua Prison
Sends a bubble into the air towards a targeted area. When it lands, it deals magic damage to all enemies in the area of impact and encases them into bubbles. Enemies hit by the bubble are lifted into the air and stunned for a short duration before being dropped to the ground.
Arcane Barrage	Arcane Barrage
Xerath calls down a blast of arcane energy, which strikes after a 0.5 second delay dealing magic damage to enemies within a moderate area.
Arcane Mastery	Arcane Mastery
Casting a spell grants a stack of Arcane Mastery for 6 seconds. At 5 stacks, Ryze becomes supercharged for a short duration, gaining a shield and causing his spellcasts to reduce the cooldown of his other spells by Overload's cooldown.
Arcane Shift	Arcane Shift
Ezreal teleports to a target nearby location and fires a homing arrow which strikes the nearest enemy unit.
Arcane Smash	Arcane Smash
Maokai slams the ground, the force of which knocks nearby enemies back and sends an arcane shockwave forward, damaging and slowing his enemies.
Arcanopulse	Arcanopulse
FIRST CAST: Xerath starts charging, gradually increasing the range of Arcanopulse while decreasing his movement speed by up to 50% over the next 1.5 seconds. While charging, Xerath cannot attack or use his other abilities. After 3 seconds, Arcanopulse cancels and half the mana cost is refunded. SECOND CAST: After a brief cast time, Xerath fires a beam of energy in a line the deals magic damage to all enemies hit.
Arctic Assault	Arctic Assault
Sejuani charges forward, dealing magic damage and knocking enemies into the air. The charge stops after knocking an enemy champion into the air.
Ardent Blaze	Ardent Blaze
Lucian fires a shot that explodes upon hitting an enemy or reaching the end of its path, damaging enemies in a cross pattern and marking enemies hit for 6 seconds. If Lucian or any of his allies damage a marked target with their basic attacks or abilities, Lucian gains a flat movement speed bonus for 1 second. This does not consume the mark.
Aria of Perseverance	Aria of Perseverance
Active: Sona heals herself and a nearby allied champion with the lowest health percentage. The healing is increased by 0.5% for every 1% of the target's missing health. Aura: Sona and allied champions tagged with Aria of Perseverance's aura are shielded up to 1.5 seconds. The shield's strength increases by 10 for each rank in Crescendo. Power Chord - Diminuendo: If this spell was last cast when Power Chord is ready, Power Chord will also reduce the target's damage output for 3 seconds.
Arise!	Arise!
Passive: Azir gains {20/30/40/50/60}% attack speed. Active: Azir summons an untargetable Sand Soldier for 9 seconds. When Azir attacks an enemy in a soldier's range, the soldier attacks instead of Azir, dealing magic damage to all enemies in a line. If multiple soldiers strike the same target, each soldier after the first deals 25% damage, and the soldiers can't attack structures. Azir can store up to 2 Sand Soldiers at a time, but there is no hard limit on the number of Sand Soldiers that can be active on the field at once. Sand Soldiers expire twice as fast while within range of an enemy turret, and will expire instantly if Azir moves too far away. If Azir summons a Sand Soldier directly on top of an enemy turret, the soldier will sacrifice itself to deal magic damage to the turret.
Aspect Of The Cougar	Aspect Of The Cougar
Nidalee transforms herself into a cougar.
Aspect of the Serpent	Aspect of the Serpent
Cassiopeia permanently gains a stack of Aspect of the Serpent every 6 seconds and for each second that she has poisoned an enemy champion. Caps at 500 stacks.
Assault and Battery	Assault and Battery
Vi targets an enemy champion and chases it down, knocking it up for a short duration and dealing physical damage. While charging, Vi is immune to crowd control and will knock aside enemies in the way, dealing 75% damage to them.
Astral Infusion	Astral Infusion
Passive: Each enemy champion hit by Starcall heals Soraka. The healing is increased if Soraka is missing health. Active: Soraka blesses a friendly unit, restoring its health. Astral Infusion cannot be self-cast, nor can it be cast if Soraka is below 5% of her maximum health.
Audacious Charge	Audacious Charge
Xin Zhao charges an enemy, dealing magic damage and slowing it and all other enemies in the area.
Backstab	Backstab
Shaco deals 20% bonus damage when striking a unit from behind.
Baleful Strike	Baleful Strike
Passive: Veigar gains Ability Power when he receives a champion kill or assist from any source of damage. Active: Veigar unleashes a bolt of dark energy, dealing magic damage to the first two enemies hit. For each target killed, Veigar gains some Ability Power permanently.
Bandage Toss	Bandage Toss
Amumu tosses a sticky bandage at a target, stunning and damaging the target while he pulls himself to them.
Barrel Roll	Barrel Roll
Gragas rolls his cask to a location, which can be activated again to explode or will explode on its own after 5 seconds. Enemies struck by the blast have their movement speed slowed for 1.3 seconds. The damage, slow and slow duration increase based on the time the barrel sits out before exploding. The damage is reduced to 70 % against minions.
Battle Cry	Battle Cry
Xin Zhao passively increases his attack speed and can activate this ability to further increase attack speed and lower his ability cooldowns with each attack.
Battle Fury	Battle Fury
Tryndamere's Critical Strike chance increases as he becomes more wounded.
Battle Roar	Battle Roar
Rengar lets out a battle roar, damaging enemies and gaining bonus Armor and Magic Resist for a short duration. Ferocity Bonus: Rengar heals himself for a large amount.
Bear Stance	Bear Stance
Bear Stance: Activation - Udyr gains a large movement speed increase for a short duration. Persistent Effect - Udyr's attacks stun his target for 1 second. This effect cannot occur on the same target for several seconds.
Behind Enemy Lines	Behind Enemy Lines
After channeling for 2 seconds, Quinn calls upon Valor to assist her. While together, the two have massively increased movement speed from all sources and can cast Skystrike by taking an offensive action or reactivating Tag Team. After casting Tag Team, Valor gains the ability to cast Skystrike once for its duration.
Berserker Rage	Berserker Rage
For each 1% of health missing, Olaf's attack speed is increased by 1%.
Bio-Arcane Barrage	Bio-Arcane Barrage
While active, Kog'Maw gains bonus range, 100% attack speed from all sources, bonus damage on-hit, and a raised attack speed cap of 5.0.
Black Shield	Black Shield
Places a protective barrier around an allied champion, absorbing magical damage and preventing disables until penetrated or the shield dissipates.
Blade of the Exile	Blade of the Exile
Riven's sword reforms, giving her a bonus 20% Attack Damage, extended range on her damaging abilities and basic attacks for 15 seconds. She is also granted the ability to use Wind Slash once for the duration.
Blades of Torment	Blades of Torment
Aatrox unleashes and sends forward the power of his blade, dealing magic damage to enemies in a line and slowing them by 40% for a few seconds.
Bladesurge	Bladesurge
Irelia dashes forward to strike her target. If it kills the target, Bladesurge's cooldown refreshes and refunds 35 Mana.
Bladework	Bladework
Fiora gains increased attack speed on her next two basic attacks. The first cannot crit but slows her target, while the second is guaranteed to crit.
Blast Shield	Blast Shield
Vi charges a shield over time. The shield can be activated by hitting an enemy with an ability.
Blaze	Blaze
Brand's spells light his targets ablaze, dealing 2% of their maximum Health in magic damage per second for 4 seconds.
Blighted Quiver	Blighted Quiver
Varus' basic attacks deal bonus magic damage and apply Blight. Varus' other abilities detonate Blight, dealing magic damage based on the target's maximum health.
Blinding Assault	Blinding Assault
Quinn sends Valor forth in a straight line skillshot. Valor stops at the first enemy struck, marking it as Vulnerable and damaging all nearby enemies.
Blinding Dart	Blinding Dart
Obscures an enemy's vision with a powerful venom, dealing magic damage to the target unit, blinding them and causing all their attacks to miss for the duration.
Blood Boil	Blood Boil
Invigorates an allied unit and Nunu by heating their blood, increasing attack speed and movement speed.
Blood Price	Blood Price
TOGGLE ON: Aatrox deals {60/95/130/165/200} (+100% bonus AD) bonus physical damage on every third attack at the cost of {15/23.75/32.5/41.25/50} (+25% bonus AD) health.
Blood Rush	Blood Rush
Draven gains increased Movement Speed and Attack Speed. The Movement Speed bonus decreases rapidly over its duration. Catching a Spinning Axe will refresh the cooldown of Blood Rush.
Blood Scent	Blood Scent
Warwick passively senses weakened enemy champions around him. The scent of blood sends him into a fury causing him to move at incredible speeds.
Blood Thirst	Blood Thirst
TOGGLE OFF: Aatrox heals himself for {20/25/30/35/40} (+25% bonus AD) on every third attack. If Aatrox is below 50% health he will heal for three times as much ({60/75/90/105/120}(+75% bonus AD)).
Blood Thirst / Blood Price	Blood Thirst / Blood Price
TOGGLE OFF: Aatrox heals himself for {20/25/30/35/40} (+25% bonus AD) on every third attack. If Aatrox is below 50% health he will heal for three times as much ({60/75/90/105/120}(+75% bonus AD)). TOGGLE ON: Aatrox deals {60/95/130/165/200} (+100% bonus AD) bonus physical damage on every third attack at the cost of {15/23.75/32.5/41.25/50} (+25% bonus AD) health.
Blood Well	Blood Well
Whenever Aatrox uses an ability that costs health, he stores 100% of the health cost into his Blood Well. The maximum amount of health the Blood Well can store is equal to 30 + (45 x level). If Aatrox has not dealt or received damage in the last 5 seconds, his Blood Well will deplete at a rate of 2% per second. Upon taking fatal damage, Blood Well activates and places Aatrox in stasis for 3 seconds. Over the stasis duration the Blood Well is emptied and Aatrox restores health equal to its contents plus 10.5 + (15.75 x level). Blood Well's activation has a static cooldown and is unaffected by cooldown reduction. Also, Aatrox passively increases his attack speed by 0.6 / 0.7 / 0.8 / 0.9 / 0.1 / 1.1% for every 2% in the Blood Well.
Bloodlust	Bloodlust
Tryndamere thrives on the thrills of combat. Whenever Tryndamere kills a unit or critically strikes, he temporarily gains increased attack damage and critical damage.
Body Slam	Body Slam
Gragas charges forward, colliding with the first enemy unit. He deals magic damage to enemies in the area and bumps them back, stunning them for 1 second. Body Slam's cooldown is reduced by 3 seconds if Gragas collides with a unit.
Bola Strike	Bola Strike
Rengar throws a bola at his target, slowing them for a short duration. Ferocity Bonus: Rengar roots the target.
Boomerang Blade	Boomerang Blade
Sivir hurls her crossblade like a boomerang, dealing damage each way.
Boomerang Throw	Boomerang Throw
Gnar throws his boomerang forward in a line, dealing physical damage to all enemies it passes through and also slowing the first enemy hit for 2 seconds. Enemies beyond the first take only 50% damage. Upon reaching maximum range or striking an enemy, the boomerang will slowly come to a stop before travelling back toward Gnar in fixed direction. If Gnar catches his boomerang, Boomerang Throw's cooldown is reduced by 45%.
Boomerang Throw / Boulder Toss	Boomerang Throw / Boulder Toss
Boomerang Throw: Gnar throws his boomerang forward in a line, dealing physical damage to all enemies it passes through and also slowing the first enemy hit for 2 seconds. Enemies beyond the first take only 50% damage. Upon reaching maximum range or striking an enemy, the boomerang will slowly come to a stop before travelling back toward Gnar in fixed direction. If Gnar catches his boomerang, Boomerang Throw's cooldown is reduced by 45%. Boulder Toss: Gnar throws a boulder that stops when it hits an enemy, dealing physical damage and slowing all enemies hit. If Gnar picks up his boulder, Boulder Toss's cooldown is reduced by 60%.
Boulder Toss	Boulder Toss
Gnar throws a boulder that stops when it hits an enemy, dealing physical damage and slowing all enemies hit. If Gnar picks up his boulder, Boulder Toss's cooldown is reduced by 60%.
Bouncing Blades	Bouncing Blades
Katarina throws a dagger that bounces from enemy to enemy, dealing magic damage.
Bouncing Bomb	Bouncing Bomb
Ziggs throws a bouncing bomb that deals magic damage.
Broken Wings	Broken Wings
Riven steps forward and lashes out in a series of powerful sword slashes. This ability can be activated up to 3 times in a short period. 1st Use/2nd Use: Deals physical damage to a small area in front of her. 3rd Use: Jumps into the air and slams downward, causing a larger impact nova that deals physical damage and knocks nearby enemies up.
Brutal Strikes	Brutal Strikes
Malphite hits with such excessive force he deals damage to units around his target. He can also call upon his strength to increase his armor for a short time.
Bullet Time	Bullet Time
Active: Miss Fortune channels a flurry of bullets into a cone in front of her, dealing large amounts of damage to enemies.
Bulwark	Bulwark
Galio shields a friendly champion for 4 seconds, increasing their armor and magic resistance. Each time that unit suffers damage, Galio is healed (-20% healing for each consecutive hit).
Burning Agony	Burning Agony
(Toggle): Dr. Mundo drains his health every half second to activate Burning Agony. While activated, it will deal continual magic damage to nearby enemies and it reduces the duration of crowd control effects used on Dr. Mundo.
Burnout	Burnout
Shyvana deals magic damage per second to nearby enemies (deals bonus damage to monsters) and on auto attacks, and her Movement Speed is greatly increased for 3 seconds. Shyvana's Movement Speed bonus is reduced over time. Dragon Form: Burnout scorches the earth, continuing to damage enemies that stand on it.
Burrow	Burrow
Rek'Sai burrows underground, gaining Tremor Sense (a unique mechanic that shows Rek'Sai all enemy movement in a wide area around her) and increased movement speed at the expense of vision range and access to her basic attacks. She ignores unit collision as she moves around.
Burrow / Unburrow	Burrow / Unburrow
Burrow: Rek'Sai burrows underground, gaining Tremor Sense (a unique mechanic that shows Rek'Sai all enemy movement in a wide area around her) and increased movement speed at the expense of vision range and access to her basic attacks. She ignores unit collision as she moves around. Unburrow: Rek'Sai bursts out into the open, knocking up all surrounding enemies for up to 1 second and dealing physical damage. Enemies cannot be affected again by Unburrow for a few seconds. Rek'Sai can attempt to basic attack enemies while burrowed to trigger Unburrow.
Bushwhack	Bushwhack
Nidalee lays a damaging trap for unwary opponents that, when sprung, deals magic damage over 2 seconds and marks the enemy as Hunted for 4 seconds.
Bushwhack / Pounce	Bushwhack / Pounce
In human form, Nidalee lays a damaging trap for unwary opponents that, when sprung, deals magic damage over 2 seconds and marks the enemy as Hunted for 4 seconds. As a cougar, she lunges forward, dealing magic damage to enemies around her landing area. If the enemy is Hunted, Nidalee will have extra range on Pounce whilst jumping directly at her target and the cooldown of the ability will be reduced to 1.5 seconds. Killing a unit in cougar form will also reduce Pounce's cooldown to 1.5 seconds.
Buster Shot	Buster Shot
Tristana loads a massive cannonball into her weapon and fires it at an enemy unit. This deals magic damage and knocks the target back.
Call of the Void	Call of the Void
Malzahar opens up two portals to the void. After a short delay, they fire projectiles which deal magic damage and silence enemy champions.
Camouflage	Camouflage
If Teemo stands still and takes no actions for 1.5 seconds, he becomes stealthed indefinitely. After leaving stealth, Teemo gains the Element of Surprise, increasing his attack speed for a short duration. Teemo stealths twice as fast while in brush. In addition, moving inside brush while Camouflaged does not break his stealth.
Cannon Barrage	Cannon Barrage
Passive: Gangplank can store additional charges of Powder Keg. Active: Gangplank signals his ship to fire waves of cannonballs upon the target area over 8 seconds, revealing it for the duration. Each wave deals magic damage and slows enemies hit for a short duration. Gangplank can purchase upgrades to his ship in the store at the cost of 500 Silver Serpents each, which improve Cannon Barrage: - Death's Daughter: An initial mega-cannonball lands in the center of the area of effect, dealing a cluster's worth of true damage and slowing enemies within for a short duration. - Raise Morale: Allies within the area gain bonus movement speed, persisting for 2 seconds after leaving it. Gangplank can also benefit from this effect. - Fire At Will: Fires 6 additional waves with increasing rate of fire over the duration.
Caretaker's Shrine	Caretaker's Shrine
Bard conjures a health pack that builds up in power over 10 seconds. Allied champions who walk over the pack will consume it, gaining health based on the shrine's power as well as a brief burst of movement speed. Enemies can stand on the pack for a moment to destroy it.
Carnivore	Carnivore
Whenever Cho'Gath kills a unit, he recovers 20 - 71 (+2.83 each level) health and 3.5 - 7.75 mana (+0.25 each level).
Carrion Renewal	Carrion Renewal
Whenever Swain kills an enemy unit, he recovers 9 mana (+1 each level). On champion kill/assist, he additionally restores 9% of his maximum Mana.
Cataclysm	Cataclysm
Jarvan IV heroically leaps to an enemy champion, dealing physical damage and creating a circle of impassable terrain around them. Jarvan IV can destroy the area by activating it again. Champions can still leave or enter the area by using teleport abilities.
Caustic Spittle	Caustic Spittle
Passive: Increases attack speed. Active: Kog'Maw launches a corrosive projectile forward in a line, dealing magic damage and reducing the armor and magic resist of the first target hit by a percentage for 4 seconds.
Cell Division	Cell Division
Each time Zac hits an enemy with an ability, he sheds a chunk of himself that can be reabsorbed to restore 4% of his maximum health. Upon taking fatal damage, Zac splits into 4 chunks that attempt to recombine. If any of these chunks remain after 8 seconds, he will revive with 10-50% health depending on the health of the surviving chunks. Each chunk has 12% of Zac's maximum health, and 50% of his armor and magic resistance. This ability has a static cooldown and is unaffected by cooldown reduction.
Certain Death	Certain Death
Pantheon's autoattacks and Spear Shots gain 100% critical strike chance against targets whose current health is below 15% of their max health.
CH-1 Electron Storm Grenade	CH-1 Electron Storm Grenade
Heimerdinger hurls a grenade at a targeted location, dealing magic damage and slowing enemies hit by 35% for 2 seconds. Enemies struck directly by the grenade are also stunned for 1.25 seconds.
CH-3X Lightning Grenade	CH-3X Lightning Grenade
Throws a grenade that discharges three times, dealing 150/200/250 (+0.6 Ability Power) magic damage each time. Both the stun and slow areas are larger, and the slow is improved to 80%
Chain of Corruption	Chain of Corruption
Varus flings out a tendril of corruption that deals magic damage and immobilizes the first enemy champion hit for 2 seconds. The corruption then spreads towards nearby uninfected enemy champions, applying the same damage and immobilize if it reaches them. The corruption will continue to spread until there are no further unaffected targets in range. Targets rooted by Chain of Corruption gain 3 stacks of Blight over the duration of the root.
Challenge	Challenge
Xin Zhao's basic attacks, will reduce the target's armor for a short duration.
Chaos Storm	Chaos Storm
After a 0.25 second delay, Viktor conjures a singularity at the target location, dealing magic damage and interrupting channeled abilities. The storm cloud remains for 7 seconds afterwards, firing lightning bolts at every nearby enemy at 1 second intervals. While the singularity is active Viktor can re-activate Chaos Storm to move it to the cursor's location or at an enemy champion. The singularity moves faster the closer it is to Viktor but always at maximum speed when moving towards him. AUGMENT- VELOCITY: Chaos Storm moves 20% faster.
Charm	Charm
Ahri blows a kiss that damages and charms an enemy it encounters, causing them to walk harmlessly towards her.
Children of the Grave	Children of the Grave
Passive: Mordekaiser's basic attacks and abilities curse the Dragon for 10 seconds. If Mordekaiser's team slays it, the Dragon's soul is enslaved and follows him around. Enslaving the Dragon disables Children of the Grave while it remains active and kills Mordekaiser's current ghost. Active: Mordekaiser curses an enemy, stealing a percent of their life each second. If the target dies while the spell is active, their soul is enslaved and will follow Mordekaiser for 30 seconds.
Chomp	Chomp
Trundle bites his opponent, dealing damage, briefly slowing and sapping some of their attack damage.
Chosen of the Storm	Chosen of the Storm
Volibear heals rapidly for a few seconds when his health drops to a critical level.
Chronobreak	Chronobreak
Ekko shatters his timeline, becoming untargetable and teleporting him back to wherever he was 4 seconds ago. Ekko heals himself for a percentage of the damage taken over the last 4 seconds, and deals magic damage to all nearby enemies on arrival.
Chronoshift	Chronoshift
Zilean marks an ally champion or himself with a protective time rune for 5 seconds.
Chum the Waters	Chum the Waters
Fizz throws a fish in a line that will bind itself onto the first enemy champion it hits, increasing Fizz's magic damage against the tagged champion by 20% for 6 seconds (Chum the Waters is not affected by this bonus). After a brief delay, a Shark will emerge from the earth to eat the fish, dealing damage and knocking back all enemy champions.
Clockwork Windup	Clockwork Windup
Orianna's autoattacks deal additional magic damage every hit, subsequent attacks on the same target within a few seconds will add more damage per hit. This bonus stacks up to three times.
Cocoon	Cocoon
Elise fires a web that stuns and reveals the first enemy hit for a short duration.
Cocoon / Rappel	Cocoon / Rappel
Cocoon: Elise fires a web that stuns and reveals the first enemy hit for a short duration. Rappel: On enemy cast: Elise and her spiderlings ascend high into the air and descend upon an enemy target. On ground cast: Elise and her spiderlings ascend high into the air, becoming untargetable for two seconds. Casting Rappel or right clicking on a nearby enemy during this time will descend upon your target. Upon landing, the bonus damage and healing from Elise's Spider Form attacks is increased.
Collateral Damage	Collateral Damage
Graves fires an explosive shell dealing heavy damage to the first target it hits and knocking Graves backwards slightly. After hitting a champion or reaching the end of its range the shell explodes dealing damage in a cone behind the target.
Command: Attack	Command: Attack
Orianna commands her ball to fly towards target location, dealing damage to targets hit but dealing less damage for each additional target hit. Her ball remains behind at that location afterwards.
Command: Dissonance	Command: Dissonance
Orianna commands her ball to emit a magnetic pulse, dealing damage to units around it. Afterwards, the ball leaves a field behind for a few seconds that speeds up allies and slows enemies.
Command: Protect	Command: Protect
Passive: The allied champion the ball is attached to gains bonus Armor and Magic Resistance. Active: Orianna commands her ball to fly to and attach onto an allied champion, dealing damage to enemies it passes through and shielding the allied champion when it arrives.
Command: Shockwave	Command: Shockwave
Orianna commands her ball to emit a shockwave after a short delay, flinging affected enemies in the vicinity into the air a set distance (350 units) towards, and possibly over, her ball.
Concussive Blows	Concussive Blows
Braum's basic attacks and Winter's Bite apply stacks of Concussive Blows. Upon reaching 4 stacks enemy will be stunned and takes magic damage.
Condemn	Condemn
Vayne draws a heavy crossbow from her back, and fires a huge bolt at her target, dealing physical damage and knocking them back (900 units). If they collide with terrain, they are impaled, dealing bonus damage and stunning them for 1.5 seconds.
Conflagration	Conflagration
Brand conjures a powerful blast at his target, dealing magic damage to them. If the target is ablaze the conflagration will damage nearby enemies as well and set them ablaze.
Conquering Sands	Conquering Sands
Azir orders all Sand Soldiers to rush toward the target location, dealing magic damage and slowing all enemies they pass through for a short duration. The slow stacks additively.
Consume	Consume
The Yeti takes a bite out of target minion, dealing heavy damage to it and restoring his own health.
Contaminate	Contaminate
All nearby enemies secrete Twitch's toxic venoms from their bodies, dealing damage for each stack.
Contempt for the Weak	Contempt for the Weak
Whenever Zed autoattacks an enemy below 50% health, he deals an additional 6 / 8 / 10% of their maximum health as magic damage. This effect cannot occur on the same target more than once every 10 seconds.
Cosmic Binding	Cosmic Binding
Bard fires out a burst of spirit energy in a line, dealing magic damage and slowing the first enemy struck by 60% for a short duration. After Cosmic Binding hits an enemy, the burst of energy continues through, searching for secondary targets. If it hits a wall, it stuns the initial target; if it hits a second enemy, it stuns both targets, dealing magic damage to the second unit as well.
Counter Strike	Counter Strike
Jax dodges all incoming basic attacks for a short duration, also reducing AoE damage while he is dodging. At the end of the duration, Jax deals damage and stuns nearby enemies. This spell deals additional damage for each attack dodged. Jax has the option to end the spell early.
Courage	Courage
Passive: Killing units permanently grants Armor and Magic Resistance (up to a maximum). Active: Garen places a defensive shield on himself, decreasing all damage taken for several seconds.
Crescendo	Crescendo
Passive: Each rank of Crescendo improves Sona's aura bonuses and Song of Celerity's self buff. Active: Sona plays her ultimate chord, forcing enemy champions to dance (stun) and magic damage over time.
Crescent Slash	Crescent Slash
Akali flourishes her kamas, hitting nearby units for physical damage. Akali flourishes her kamas, hitting nearby units for physical damage.
Crescent Strike	Crescent Strike
Diana swings her blade to unleash a bolt of lunar energy, afflicting enemies with Moonlight and dealing damage in an arc before exploding.
Crescent Sweep	Crescent Sweep
Xin Zhao fiercely sweeps his spear around him, dealing damage to nearby enemies based on their current health, as well as knocking them back and stunning them for a short duration.
Crimson Pact	Crimson Pact
Every 40 points of bonus health gives Vladimir 1 ability power and every 1 point of ability power gives Vladimir 1.4 bonus health (does not stack with itself).
Cripple	Cripple
Lee Sin cripples nearby enemies revealed by Tempest, reducing their Movement Speed by {30/37.5/45/52.5/60} % for 4 seconds. Movement Speed recovers gradually over the duration.
Crippling Strike	Crippling Strike
Darius's next attack severs a crucial artery, dealing additional physical damage and slowing his target for a short duration. If the target dies, the mana cost of Crippling Strike is refunded and the cooldown is halved.
Crowstorm	Crowstorm
Fiddlesticks targets a nearby location and then channels for 1.5 seconds; he then flashes to the target location with a flock of crows flying wildly around him for 5 seconds, dealing magic damage to all enemy units in the area each second.
Crunch	Crunch
Gnar leaps to a location, dealing physical damage to all nearby enemies on landing. Enemies on the center of the impact area are slowed briefly.
Crushing Blow	Crushing Blow
Wukong's next attack will deal additional physical damage and will reduce the enemy's armor.
Crystal Slash	Crystal Slash
Skarner lashes out with his claws, dealing physical damage to all nearby enemies and charging himself with Crystal Energy for 5 seconds if a unit is struck. If he casts Crystal Slash again while empowered by Crystal Energy, he also deals bonus magic damage. Basic attacks reduce the cooldown of Crystal Slash by 0.25 seconds (quadrupled against enemy champions).
Crystal Spires	Crystal Spires
Skarner's presence causes crystals to spawn in set locations around the map. Crystals can be captured by either team by standing on top of them. Capturing a crystal prevents them from being captured by the opposing team for 15 seconds. While within range of a Crystal Spire, Skarner gains 100 Movement Speed and 42% (+6% per champion level) Attack Speed, while restoring 3% of his maximum Mana every second.
Crystalline Exoskeleton	Crystalline Exoskeleton
Skarner receives a shield for up to 6 seconds. While the shield persists his movement speed is increased.
Crystallize	Crystallize
Anivia condenses the moisture in the air into an impenetrable wall of ice to block the movement of her enemies. The wall only lasts a short duration before it melts.
Cull the Meek	Cull the Meek
Renekton swings his blade dealing physical damage to nearby enemies and healing for a percentage of the damage dealt up to a hard cap. When Renekton has more than 50 Fury he deals additional damage and heals more, the healing hard cap is tripled. Consumes 50 Fury.
Curse of the Sad Mummy	Curse of the Sad Mummy
Amumu entangles surrounding enemy units, dealing magic damage and rendering them unable to move or use autoattacks for 2 seconds.
Cursed Touch	Cursed Touch
Amumu's attacks reduce the target's magic resistance by 15 / 25 / 35 for 4 seconds.
Cutthroat	Cutthroat
Talon instantly appears behind his target, applying a heavy slow to them for a short duration and amplifying his damage against that target for 3 seconds.
Cyclone	Cyclone
Wukong's staff grows outward and he spins it around for up to 4 seconds, dealing damage every second and knocking up enemies once per cast. Wukong gains 5% movement speed bonus every half second for the duration of the spell, with the bonus disappearing once he stops spinning.
Damnation	Damnation
Thresh does not gain armor per level. Instead, Thresh collects the souls of dead enemies by approaching them or by placing Dark Passage's lantern nearby. Souls permanently grant armor and ability power. Champions and large minions always drop a harvest-able soul. Small minions only sometimes drop a soul. A soul will only drop if the enemy unit dies within 1900 range of Thresh. Souls are visible to allies, and only become visible to enemies if the enemy team has vision of Thresh.
Dance of Arrows	Dance of Arrows
Kindred dashes in a target direction before firing at up to three nearby enemies, dealing physical damage to each of the targets she hits. Casting Wolf's Frenzy or dashing inside of Wolf's territory will reduce the cooldown of Dance of Arrows to 2 seconds.
Dark Binding	Dark Binding
Morgana releases a sphere of dark magic. Upon contact with an enemy unit, the sphere will deal magic damage and force the unit to the ground for a period of time.
Dark Flight	Dark Flight
Aatrox takes flight and slams down at a targeted location, dealing physical damage in a large area. Enemies in the center of the blast are also knocked up for 1 second.
Dark Frenzy	Dark Frenzy
Passive: Evelynn's spell hits on enemy Champions reduce the cooldown of Dark Frenzy. Active: Evelynn removes all slows affecting her and gains a big boost in Movement Speed for 3 seconds. Champion kills and assists refresh Dark Frenzy's cooldown.
Dark Matter	Dark Matter
Veigar calls a great mass of dark matter to fall from the sky to the target location, dealing magic damage when it lands.
Dark Passage	Dark Passage
Thresh throws out a lantern that shields the first ally from damage for 6 seconds. Allies can click the lantern to dash to Thresh.
Dark Sphere	Dark Sphere
Syndra conjures a dark sphere at a target location, dealing magic damage in an area. The sphere remains for several seconds and can be manipulated by Syndra's other abilities.
Dark Wind	Dark Wind
Fiddlesticks throws a crow that strikes an enemy target, then continues to bounce from that enemy unit to another nearby enemy unit 4 times, dealing magic damage and silencing for 1.25 seconds each strike. Dark Wind may strike the same target multiple times, but the silence is only applied on the first strike. Deals increased damage to minions.
Dazzle	Dazzle
Taric emits a brilliant ball of prismatic light from his gemmed shield, stunning and damaging his enemies.
Deadly Bloom	Deadly Bloom
Zyra grows a bud at target location. After a brief delay it explodes, launching damaging thorns at all nearby enemies. If cast on a seed, Deadly Bloom grows a Thorn Spitter plant, which fires at enemies from afar.
Deadly Venom	Deadly Venom
Twitch's basic attacks infect the target, dealing true damage every second for 6 seconds, stacking up to 6 times.
Death Defied	Death Defied
Upon dying, Karthus enters a spirit form allowing him to continue casting spells for 7 seconds. During this time his abilities cost no mana.
Death Lotus	Death Lotus
Katarina goes into a state of extreme focus, channeling to throw daggers with unrivaled speed at up to three enemy champions and reducing their incoming healing.
Death Mark	Death Mark
Active: Zed becomes untargetable and dashes to target enemy champion. Upon arrival, he marks the target for death and spawns a living shadow at his starting position. This shadow lasts 6 seconds and mimics Zed's abilities. After 0.5 seconds Zed can reactivate Death Mark, causing him to switch positions with this shadow. After 3 seconds, the mark will detonate, dealing physical damage equal to 100% of Zed's attack damage plus a percentage of all magic and physical damage dealt to the target by Zed and his shadows while the mark was active.
Death Ray	Death Ray
Viktor uses his robotic arm to fire a 500-unit length laser beam across the field in a chosen path, dealing magic damage to every enemy it hits. AUGMENT- AFTERSHOCK: An explosion follows Death Ray's wake, dealing additional magic damage. Enemies already hit by Death Ray will take 40% damage.
Death Sentence	Death Sentence
Thresh throws his scythe, dealing magic damage to the first unit hit and dragging them towards him for 1.5 seconds. Additionally, he may reactivate the ability to leap to his chained enemy.
Death Surge	Death Surge
Sion gains 50% bonus movement speed that decays over 1.5 seconds.
Deceive	Deceive
Shaco stealths himself instantly and teleports to target location. His next attack is guaranteed to critically strike.
Decimate	Decimate
After a short delay, Darius swings his axe in a wide circle. Enemies struck by the blade take more damage than those struck by the shaft and receive a stack of Hemorrhage. Darius also heals himself for a portion of his missing Health for each enemy champion hit by Decimate's blade.
Decimating Smash	Decimating Smash
First cast: Sion starts channeling, increasing the damage of Decimating Smash over the next 2 seconds. If Sion's channel is interrupted by crowd control, Decimating Smash will have a reduced cooldown. Second cast: Sion smashes his axe into the ground, dealing physical damage in an area in front of himself and briefly slowing enemies hit. If he charges Decimating Smash for at least 1 second, enemies hit will also be knocked up for a minimum of 1.25 seconds, up to 2.25 seconds if Decimating Smash is fully channeled. Minions take 60% damage.
Decisive Strike	Decisive Strike
Garen removes all slows on him and gains bonus movement speed for {1.5/2/2.5/3/3.5} seconds. His next melee attack within 4.5 seconds will deal physical damage and silence his target for 1.5 seconds. This attack can critically strike.
Decoy	Decoy
Wukong becomes stealthed for 1.5 seconds and leaves an uncontrollable decoy that doesn't attack or move on the place he activated it. The decoy will deal magic damage to nearby enemies after 1.5 seconds.
Decrepify	Decrepify
Swain sets his raven to cripple an enemy. Over the next 3 seconds, the target takes damage over time and is slowed.
Defensive Ball Curl	Defensive Ball Curl
Rammus goes into a defensive formation, vastly increasing his armor and magic resistance, while returning damage to attacks.
Defiance	Defiance
Inspire's shield is increased by a bonus amount. Defiance grants this bonus shield and Inspire's bonus movement speed to other allied champions within range of the target while damaging enemies in the same area.
Defile	Defile
Karthus passively steals energy from his victims, gaining mana on each kill. Alternatively, Karthus can surround himself in the souls of his prey, dealing damage to nearby enemies, but quickly draining his own mana.
Demacian Justice	Demacian Justice
Passive: Garen marks the enemy champion with the highest killing spree as the Villain, causing his basic attacks and each spin of Judgment against them to deal a percentage of the target's maximum health as bonus true damage. The mark cannot be assigned to another champion while Garen is in combat with the Villain. If more than one enemy has the same bounty, the enemy who received it first is marked as the Villain. Active: Garen brings down Demacian Justice on his opponent, dealing magic damage plus additional damage per amount of health his opponent has already lost. If his target is the Villain, Garen deals true damage instead of magic damage.
Demacian Standard	Demacian Standard
Passive: Grants Jarvan bonus attack speed. Active: Jarvan IV throws a Demacian flag to a nearby area, dealing magic damage to enemies in the area and granting his passive benefits to nearby allies and again to himself for 8 seconds.
Denting Blows	Denting Blows
Every 3rd attack on the same target deals additional damage equal to a percentage of the target's maximum Health as physical damage, reduces its Armor and grants Vi Attack Speed for a short duration (damage vs. minions and monsters is capped).
Depth Charge	Depth Charge
Nautilus launches a depth charge towards a target that picks up speed as it travels. This charge knocks up all enemies it encounters while traveling and explodes on impact, stunning the target and launching them into the air.
Despair	Despair
Overcome by anguish, nearby enemies lose a percentage of their maximum health each second.
Desperate Power	Desperate Power
Passive: Ryze gains cooldown reduction. Active: Ryze becomes supercharged, gaining spell vamp and causing his spells to deal 50% AoE damage.
Destiny	Destiny
Twisted Fate predicts the fortunes of his foes, revealing all enemy champions and enabling the use of Gate.
Devastating Charge	Devastating Charge
Hecarim gains increasing movement speed and ignores unit collision for a short duration. His next attack knocks the target back and deals additional physical damage based on the distance he has travelled since activating the ability.
Devour	Devour
Tahm Kench briefly swallows a nearby targeted unit, placing it in stasis for a short duration. While Tahm Kench has an ally in his belly, he gains bonus movement speed while moving toward an enemy champion. If he has an enemy champion in his belly, Tahm Kench removes their shared vision and reduces their sight radius to only their immediate surroundings, but also slows himself. After a brief delay, Tahm Kench gains the ability to recast Devour, spitting out the swallowed target. If the target is an enemy champion, minion or monster, they will take a percentage of their maximum health as magic damage (this damage is capped against monsters). In addition to this, minions and monsters will be spat forward, stopping if they hit an enemy or terrain and dealing magic damage to all enemies in an area. Upon exiting enemy champions will get stunned.
Disintegrate	Disintegrate
Annie hurls a mana infused fireball at her target, dealing damage. If Disintegrate deals a killing blow, the cooldown is reduced by half and the mana cost is refunded.
Distortion	Distortion
LeBlanc rapidly moves to a target location, dealing magic damage to nearby units. In the following 4 seconds, she can activate Distortion again to return to her starting location.
Divine Blessing	Divine Blessing
Blesses a target allied champion, healing them and increasing their movement speed for 2.5 seconds.
Dominus	Dominus
Renekton empowers himself with dark energies, gaining increased size and health. While empowered, he deals magic damage to nearby enemies and generates 5 Fury per second.
Double Strike	Double Strike
Master Yi strikes twice every 7th attack.
Double Up	Double Up
Miss Fortune fires a bullet at an enemy, damaging them and a target behind them.
Dragon Strike	Dragon Strike
Jarvan IV extends his lance through his opponent, dealing physical damage and lowering their armor by a percentage for 3 seconds. If its lance contacts his standard it will pull Jarvan IV to its location, knocking up all enemies in his path.
Dragon's Descent	Dragon's Descent
PASSIVE: Shyvana's basic attacks generate fury, even in dragon form or against structures. While in human form, Shyvana will also generate fury passively. Active: Shyvana transforms into a dragon and takes flight to a target location. Enemies along her path take magic damage and are knocked toward her target location.
Dragon's Rage	Dragon's Rage
Lee Sin performs a powerful roundhouse kick launching his target back, dealing physical damage to the target and any enemies they collide with. Enemies the target collides with are knocked into the air for a short duration and take extra damage.
Dragonborn	Dragonborn
Shyvana gains armor and magic resist depending on her level. These bonuses are doubled in Dragon Form.
Drain	Drain
Fiddlesticks channels and leashes to a target for 5 seconds, dealing magic damage each second and healing himself for a percentage of the damage done. If the target leaves the range of Fiddlesticks leash, he will stop channeling.
Draw a Bead	Draw a Bead
Increases Tristana's attack range as she levels.
Dread	Dread
Dealing magic damage or casting Terrify applies Dread to enemies for 2.5 seconds, reducing their magic resistance by 10.
Dredge Line	Dredge Line
Nautilus throws his anchor forward. If he hits an enemy, he'll drag himself to his target and his target to him. If he hits terrain, he'll drag himself to the terrain and the cooldown is reduced.
Drunken Rage	Drunken Rage
Gragas takes a long swig from his barrel, disabling his ability to cast or attack for 1 second and gaining damage reduction for 2.5 seconds. Upon finishing his drink, Gragas' next attack within 3 seconds will deal bonus magic damage.
Duelist's Dance	Duelist's Dance
Fiora identifies the weak spots - or vitals - in the defenses of all enemy champions she comes close to. If she manages to attack her enemy's weak spot, Fiora deals a percentage of the target's maximum health as bonus true damage for that attack while gaining some Health and a burst of movement speed which decays rapidly. Fiora reveals a new weak spot whenever she attacks one, or when a moderate period of time passes without it being attacked.
Duskbringer	Duskbringer
Nocturne throws a shadow blade which deals damage, leaves a Dusk Trail, and causes champions to leave a Dusk Trail. While on the trail, Nocturne ignores unit collision and has increased Movement Speed and Attack Damage.
Ebb and Flow	Ebb and Flow
Unleashes a stream of water that bounces back and forth between allied and enemy champions. On Ally Hit: Heals the ally and bounces to a nearby enemy champion. On Enemy Hit: Deals magic damage to the enemy and bounces to a nearby allied champion. Ebb and Flow can only bounce to each target once and hits up to 3 targets. The damage or healing value is reduced by 15% with each bounce.
Eclipse	Eclipse
Leona raises her shield to gain bonus Armor and Magic Resistance for 3 seconds. When the effect ends she deals magic damage to nearby enemies and prolongs the effect for a bonus 3 seconds if any enemies are struck.
Elastic Slingshot	Elastic Slingshot
Zac faces the cursor and begins charging for up to 1 second. After a short delay or after reactivating the ability, he launches himself towards the target location, dealing magic damage to all enemies hit and knocking them back for 0.5 seconds. Zac creates extra chunks for each additional champion he hits with this ability. Can be cancelled by moving, refunding 50% of the health cost and halving the cooldown.
Electrical Surge	Electrical Surge
Passive: Every 5 attacks, Kennen deals extra magic damage equal to a percentage of his attack damage and adds a Mark of the Storm to his target. Active: Surges electricity through all nearby targets afflicted by Mark of the Storm and all enemies caught in Slicing Maelstrom, dealing magic damage and adding another mark.
Electro-Harpoon	Electro-Harpoon
Rumble shoots a taser that deals magic damage and applies a slow on the enemy hit for three seconds. A second shot can be fired for no additional cost within the next three seconds. The slows from these two tasers can stack with themselves and the duration will be refreshed with the second hit. While in the "Danger Zone", the damage and slow percentage are increased.
Emperor's Divide	Emperor's Divide
Azir calls forth a phalanx of shield-wielding soldiers who press forward, knocking enemies back and dealing magic damage to them. When the soldiers finish their charge, they stand as a wall, blocking enemy champion movement and dashes. Allies can pass through the wall and gain 20% bonus movement speed when they do. These soldiers cannot be ordered to move or attack.
Empower	Empower
Jax's charges his weapon with energy, causing his next attack to deal bonus magic damage.
Empowered Battle Roar	Empowered Battle Roar
db: ability591 description
Empowered Bola Strike	Empowered Bola Strike
ACTIVE: Bola Strike initially roots his target for 1 second. The slow is applied in full after the 1 second, and decays over the remaining 1.5 seconds.
Empowered Bulwark	Empowered Bulwark
Increases Singed's health by .25 for each mana point he has.
Empowered Savagery	Empowered Savagery
COST: 5 Ferocity ACTIVE: Ferocity Bonus: Rengar deals enhanced damage equal to 30-240 (+1.5 attack damage). After Rengar hits a target, his Attack Speed increases with +50-101% and his total attack damage increases with 10% for 5 seconds. The attack speed and the damage enhancement is based on Rengar's champion level.
Enchanted Crystal Arrow	Enchanted Crystal Arrow
Ashe fires a missile of ice in a straight line. If the arrow collides with an enemy Champion, it deals damage and stuns the Champion for up to 3.5 seconds, based on how far the arrow has traveled. In addition, surrounding enemy units take damage and are slowed.
End of the Line	End of the Line
Graves fires a narrow missile, dealing damage in a line. After 1 second, the line detonates, dealing high damage in a 'T' shape from where Graves fired it.
Equilibrium	Equilibrium
Veigar's mana regen is increased by 1.5% for each 1% of mana missing.
Equilibrium Strike	Equilibrium Strike
Irelia's attack balances the scales, dealing damage and slowing the target. However, if the target has a higher Health % than Irelia, then the blow stuns the target instead.
Equinox	Equinox
Soraka creates a zone at a target location for 1.5 seconds. Enemy champions standing in the zone take magic damage and are silenced until they leave. At the end of the zone's duration, all enemy champions inside are rooted for a few seconds and take additional magic damage.
Essence Flux	Essence Flux
Ezreal fires a fluctuating wave of energy at a targeted area. Any enemy champions it passes through are damaged, while any allied champions (including Ezreal) it travels through have their attack speed increased for 5 seconds.
Essence Theft	Essence Theft
Ahri gains a charge of Essence Theft whenever one of her spells hits an enemy (max: 3 charges per spell). Upon reaching 9 charges, Ahri's next spell heals her.
Eternal Thirst	Eternal Thirst
Each of Warwick's attacks will deal additional magic damage and heal him. Each successive attack against the same target will increase the damage dealt and will restore increasing amounts of health to Warwick.
Ethereal Chains	Ethereal Chains
LeBlanc flings illusionary chains towards a target location. If it hits an enemy unit, it will deal initial magic damage and slow their movement speed by 25%. If the target remains shackled for 1.5 seconds, the target takes additional magic damage and is unable to move.
Event Horizon	Event Horizon
After a 0.5 second delay, Veigar twists the edges of space around the target location for 3 seconds, stunning enemies who pass through the perimeter for a short duration.
Excessive Force	Excessive Force
Causes next basic attack to deal 5/20/35/50/65 (+0.7 AD) (+0.7*AP) physical damage to the target and enemies behind it. Vi charges a new punch every seconds and can hold 2 charges at once.
Explosive Cask	Explosive Cask
Gragas throws his cask to a location, which explodes on impact, dealing magic damage to enemy units in the area and knocking them back.
Explosive Charge	Explosive Charge
Passive: Enemies explode when slain by Tristana's basic attacks, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies. Active: Tristana throws a grenade charge on a target enemy. After 4 seconds, the charge explodes and deals physical damage in an area. Every basic attack, Rocket Jump or Buster shot against a target with Explosive Charge adds an additional stack that increases Explosive Charge's final explosion damage by +30%, stacking up to 4 times (+120% damage). The Explosive Charge will detonate immediately upon reaching maximum stacks. Explosive Charge can be cast on towers and has a larger explosion radius than on a unit.
Eye of Destruction	Eye of Destruction
Xerath calls down a blast of arcane energy, which strikes after a 0.5 second delay dealing magic damage and slowing enemies in a target 200-radius area by 10% for 2.5 seconds. Enemies hit directly take an empowered amount of damage and are slowed by a greater amount instead. The empowered slow decays down to 10% over the duration.
Eye Of The Storm	Eye Of The Storm
Janna conjures a defensive gale that shields her target from incoming damage and buffs them to increase their physical damage.
Fate's Call	Fate's Call
Kalista draws her Oathsworn ally next to her, making them untargetable and disabling their spells for 4 seconds. Kalista's Oathsworn ally must be within 1400 range to cast Fate's Call. During Fate's Call, Kalista's Oathsworn can right-click a target location to dash there, stopping at the first enemy hit, knocking up all surrounding enemies and landing themselves at their maximum attack range from the target.
Feast	Feast
Devours an enemy unit, dealing a true damage (1,000 to minions) that ignores armor and magic resist. If the target is killed, Cho'Gath grows, gaining maximum health (doubled for enemy champions, maximum 6 stacks). If the target was a minion or a monster, half the cooldown and mana cost are refunded. If Cho'Gath already had 6 stacks, he heals instead. Cho'Gath loses half his stacks (rounded up) upon death.
Feint	Feint
Shen takes reduced damage for a few seconds.
Feral Scream	Feral Scream
Cho'Gath unleashes a terrible scream at enemies in a cone, dealing magic damage and Silencing enemies for a few seconds.
Final Hour	Final Hour
Readying herself for an epic confrontation, Vayne gains increased attack damage, 1 second stealth during Tumble, and triple the bonus movement speed from Night Hunter.
Final Spark	Final Spark
After gathering energy, Lux fires a beam of light that deals damage to all targets in the area. It ignites and refreshes Lux's Illumination debuff if it hits enemies already afflicted.
Fishbones, the Rocket Launcher	Fishbones, the Rocket Launcher
Jinx gains {75/100/125/150/175} bonus attack range and deals bonus damage equal to 10% AD on her attacks, at the cost of mana per attack. Additionally, her attacks will splash to nearby enemies - dealing full damage to all enemies hit.
Flail of the Northern Winds	Flail of the Northern Winds
Sejuani's next basic attack deals bonus magic damage to her target and all nearby enemies. She then swings her flail, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies.
Flame Breath	Flame Breath
Shyvana unleashes a fireball that deals magic damage. Shyvana's basic attacks against marked enemies deal bonus magic damage. Dragon Form: Flame Breath engulfs all units in a cone in front of Shyvana.
Flame Chompers!	Flame Chompers!
Jinx tosses out 3 chompers that, once armed, explode on contact with enemy champions dealing magic damage over 1.5 seconds to nearby enemies. The champion that sets off the chomper is also rooted the same duration. Chompers explode automatically after 5 seconds.
Flamespitter	Flamespitter
Rumble begins torching the area in front of him with his flamethrower, dealing damage to all units in a cone in front of him for 3 seconds. He can move, attack and use other abilities while the flamethrower is on. While in the "Danger Zone", this spell deals additional damage.
Flash Frost	Flash Frost
Anivia brings her wings together and summons a sphere of ice that flies towards her opponents, chilling and damaging anyone in its path. When the lance explodes it does moderate damage in a radius, stunning anyone in the area.
Flay	Flay
Active: Thresh sweeps his chain in a line, dealing magic damage and pushing all enemies in the direction of the swing. Enemies effected by Flay are then slowed for a short duration. Passive: Thresh deals AD based magic damage on each auto attack. The damage builds while he is not attacking, and is also based on amount of souls he has collected.
Fleet of Foot	Fleet of Foot
Sivir gains movement speed for a short duration when she hits an enemy champion with Boomerang Blade, Ricochet or a basic attack.
Fling	Fling
Flips an enemy behind Singed (500 units), dealing damage to it when it lands. If the flung enemy lands into Mega Adhesive Zone, they will be snared for {1/1.25/1.5/1.75/2} seconds.
Flurry	Flurry
After Lee Sin uses an ability, his next 2 basic attacks within 3 seconds gain 40% Attack Speed and return energy.
Focused Resolve	Focused Resolve
Karma forms a tether to target enemy champion, revealing and damaging the target over 2 seconds at 0.66-second intervals. Gathering Fire is applied every time this ability damages. If the tether is not broken after the 2 seconds, the target is rooted.
Force of Will	Force of Will
First Cast: Grabs a target dark sphere, enemy minion or neutral monster. Second Cast: Throw a grasped dark sphere or enemy at a target area. Enemies struck by the projectile take magic damage and are slowed.
Force Pulse	Force Pulse
Kassadin draws energy from spells cast in his vicinity. Upon charging up, Kassadin can use Force Pulse to damage and slow enemies in a cone in front of him.
Fox-Fire	Fox-Fire
Ahri releases three fox-fires, which after a short delay lock on and attack nearby enemies.
Fracture	Fracture
Skarner summons a blast of crystalline energy which deals magic damage to all enemies in a line and slows them for a short duration, while also afflicting them with Crystal Venom. Skarner's next basic attack against a target afflicted by Crystal Venom deals additional physical damage and stuns them for 1 second. Stunning enemies with Fracture or suppressing them with Impale grants Skarner Crystal Charge (the buff for being near an active crystal) for the duration of the disable and reduces the cooldown of Fracture by the same amount.
Frenzy	Frenzy
Volibear's repeated attacks grant him additional attack speed. Once Volibear has repeatedly attacked three times, he can perform a vicious bite on his target.
Frost Armor	Frost Armor
Damaging an enemy with an ability or basic attack grants Sejuani bonus armor and reduces movement-slowing effects on her.
Frost Shot	Frost Shot
Ashe's basic attacks and damaging abilities apply Frost, slowing targets and causing subsequent basic attacks against them to deal bonus physical damage while they remain slowed. Ashe's Critical Strikes deal 100% of her total attack damage (instead of 200%), but double the effectiveness of Frost Shot.
Frostbite	Frostbite
With a flap of her wings, Anivia blasts a freezing gust of wind at her target, dealing a medium amount of damage. If the target has been slowed by an ice effect, the damage they take is doubled.
Frozen Domain	Frozen Domain
Trundle turns target location into his domain, gaining attack speed, movement speed, and increased healing from all sources while on it.
Frozen Tomb	Frozen Tomb
Enemy Cast: Freezes target champion solid, dealing magic damage and stunning it for 1.5 seconds. Self Cast: Lissandra encases herself in dark ice for 1.5 seconds, becoming untargetable and invulnerable but unable to take any actions. Lissandra also gets healed. Dark ice then spreads from Lissandra's target dealing magic damage to enemies. The ice lasts for 3 seconds and slows enemy Movement Speed by 30/45/75%.
Furious Bite	Furious Bite
Rek'Sai bites her target, dealing a percentage of her total Attack Damage as physical damage. This damage is increased by 1% for every 1% of her current Fury. If she has a full Fury bar, the ability will deal true damage instead.
Furious Bite / Tunnel	Furious Bite / Tunnel
Furios Bite: Rek'Sai bites her target, dealing a percentage of her total Attack Damage as physical damage. This damage is increased by 1% for every 1% of her current Fury. If she has a full Fury bar, the ability will deal true damage instead. Tunnel: Rek'Sai digs in the direction she is currently facing, leaving behind two connected Tunnel Entrances. Rek'Sai can interact with either entrances of a tunnel to traverse it. Rek'Sai cannot traverse the same tunnel again for a few seconds. Rek'Sai's tunnels last for up to 10 minutes and can have up to 8 pairs of Tunnel Entrances active on the map at the same time. Enemy champions can destroy a tunnel by standing on either entrance for 1.5 seconds. Destroying a tunnel once Rek'Sai is already enroute will not hinder her.
Fury of the Sands	Fury of the Sands
Nasus unleashes a mighty sandstorm that batters nearby enemies. While the storm rages, he gains additional Health as well as bonus attack and he drains nearby enemies' max health and converts it into bonus damage for the duration of the skill.
Fury of the Xer'Sai	Fury of the Xer'Sai
Activating Burrow with Fury will grant Fury of the Xer'Sai for 5 seconds, consuming 20% of Rek'Sai's current Fury every second to restore health so long as she remains burrowed. The health restored is based on the amount of Fury expended, for a maximum of (25  level) health over 5 seconds if she burrowed at 100 Fury. Fury of the Xer'Sai will not activate if Rek'Sai is at full health and her Fury will stop depleting if she reaches full health.
Gathering Fire	Gathering Fire
Damaging enemy champions with abilities refreshes 2/2.5/3 seconds of Mantra's cooldown, and half that amount on basic attacks against enemy champions. The amount increases every 6 levels.
Gatling Gun	Gatling Gun
Corki's gatling gun fires multiple shots every half second dealing half magic and half physical damage and shredding the armor and magic resist of enemies who are under continuous fire.
Gemcraft	Gemcraft
After casting a spell, Taric gains a buff that deals 20% of his total Armor as bonus Magic Damage his next auto attack. Passive: Empowered attacks reduce the cooldown of all abilities by 2 seconds.
Get Excited!	Get Excited!
Whenever a champion, tower or inhibitor that Jinx has dealt damage to within the last 3 seconds is killed or destroyed, she gains 175% Movement Speed that decays over 6 seconds. Get Excited can stack, increasing Jinx's total attack speed by 15% per stack.
Glacial Fissure	Glacial Fissure
Braum slams his shield into the ground, dealing magic damage to all enemies in a line as well as those in an X-radius area around him. The first champion hit is knocked up for a few seconds, subsequent enemies are knocked up briefly. For the next 4 seconds a field of ice remains, slowing enemies that enter the area by a percentage for 0.25 seconds.
Glacial Path	Glacial Path
Casts a claw of ice that moves forward in a line, dealing magic damage to all enemies hit. Reactivating this ability transports Lissandra to the claw's current location.
Glacial Prison	Glacial Prison
Sejuani throws a frost-forged bola in a line. If the bola hits an enemy champion, it shatters, stunning the target and nearby enemies. If the bola reaches its maximum range, it shatters and slows nearby enemies instead.
Glacial Storm	Glacial Storm
Anivia summons a driving rain of ice and hail to damage her enemies and slow their advance.
Glitterlance	Glitterlance
Pix and Lulu each fire a bolt of magical energy that heavily slows all enemies it hits. An enemy can only be damaged by one bolt.
Glorious Evolution	Glorious Evolution
Viktor starts each game with a Prototype Hex Core, which permanently occupies one of his item slots. Viktor can spend 1000 gold to upgrade his Hex Core, increasing its stats and granting Viktor 1 Evolution point that he can spend to augment one of his basic abilities. Upon evolving each of his basic abilities, Viktor will automatically augment his Chaos Storm ability. - Prototype Hex Core: Grants Viktor +3 ability power per level. - The Hex Core MK-1: Grants +4 ability power per level, +20 ability power, 150 mana and 1 Evolution Point. - The Hex Core MK-2: Grants +5 ability power per level, +40 ability power, 300 mana and 1 Evolution Point. - Perfect Hex Core: Grants Viktor +6 ability power per level, +60 ability power, 500 mana and 1 Evolution Point.
Glory in Death	Glory in Death
Upon taking fatal damage, Sion briefly becomes invulnerable then enters a frenzy, restoring himself to full health but begins to drain a percentage of his maximum health per second, draining faster the longer he is alive. Sion can freely move and attack during this time, gaining 100% lifesteal, attacking at 1.75 attack speed and dealing 10% of his target's maximum health as on-hit physical damage (capped at 75 bonus damage against monsters). Additionally, Sion gains the ability to cast Death Surge using any learned ability.
GNAR!	GNAR!
Passive: Hyper's movement speed bonus is increased. Passive: Boomerang Throw's cooldown refund on catch is increased. Active: Gnar knocks all nearby enemies in the specified direction, dealing physical damage and slowing them by 60% for a short duration. Any enemy that hits terrain takes 50% increased damage and are stunned instead of slowed.
Golden Aegis	Golden Aegis
Jarvan IV forges a shield protecting him from harm and applying a slow to surrounding enemies upon activation. The shield adds more mitigation for every enemy champion nearby when activating.
Grand Challenge	Grand Challenge
Passive: Duelist's Dance's bonus movement speed is increased. Active: Fiora targets an enemy champion, highlighting all four of their Vitals for an extended duration. If she's able to destroy all four weak spots, or if she destroys at least one before her target dies, Fiora creates a large and long-lasting zone under her enemy that heals Fiora and her allied champions.
Grand Skyfall	Grand Skyfall
Pantheon composes himself then leaps into the air to a target, striking all enemy units in an area. Enemies closer to the impact point take more damage.
Grandmaster's Might	Grandmaster's Might
Jax's greatest talent lies in his ability to grow stronger with every attack. As a result, Jax devastates his target on every third basic attack. Jax can activate the spell to temporarily gain extra armor and magic resistance.
Granite Shield	Granite Shield
Malphite is shielded by a layer of rock which absorbs damage up to 10% of his maximum health. If he has not been hit for 8 seconds, this effect recharges.
Grasping Roots	Grasping Roots
Zyra sends forth vines through the ground to ensnare her target, dealing damage and rooting enemies they come across. If cast on a seed, Grasping Roots grows a Vine Lasher, whose short range attacks reduce enemy Movement Speed.
Gravity Field	Gravity Field
Viktor conjures a gravitational imprisonment device at a target location for 4 seconds, slowing all enemies that pass above it. Whilst under its effects, enemies generate stacks every 0.5 seconds; at 3 stacks the target will be stunned for 1.5 seconds. AUGMENT- IMPLOSION: Units stunned by Gravity Field are dragged into the center.
Ground Slam	Ground Slam
Malphite slams the ground sending out a shockwave that deals base damage plus half his armor as damage and reduces the attack speed of enemies for 4 seconds.
H-28G Evolution Turret	H-28G Evolution Turret
Heimerdinger constructs a turret at the target location. Heimerdinger stores the parts for a new turret every several seconds and can keep a number in reserve. The storage time is affected by cooldown reduction. Heimerdinger can have up to 3 turrets constructed at a time. Turrets feature a short-ranged basic attack and a long-ranged laser beam. The laser beam is a pass-through skill shot that fires upon reaching 100% charge. The passive recharge time of the beam is 12 seconds, but this is lowered whenever the turret attacks an enemy as its basic attacks restore a percentage of the beam's charge. Turrets go offline if Heimerdinger is more than 1000 units away for longer than 8 seconds.
H-28Q Apex Turret	H-28Q Apex Turret
Places a Turret that deals 90/110/130 (+0.33 Ability Power) magic damage with its cannon and 225/300/375 (+0.8 Ability Power) magic damage with its beam for 8 seconds
Hail of Arrows	Hail of Arrows
Varus fires a hail of arrows that deal physical damage and desecrate the ground. Desecrated ground slows enemies' Movement Speed and reduces their healing and regeneration.
Hallucinate	Hallucinate
Shaco creates an illusion of himself near him, which can attack nearby enemies. (Deals half damage to turrets.) Upon death, it explodes, dealing damage to nearby enemies.
Hammer Shock	Hammer Shock
Poppy smashes the ground in front of her, dealing physical damage to all enemies hit. The impacted ground becomes unstable, slowing enemies that are standing on it before erupting after 1 second, dealing the same physical damage to all enemies hit. Hammer Shock deals 80% damage against minions.
Happy Hour	Happy Hour
Gragas takes a drink from his cask every time he uses an ability, restoring 4% of his maximum health instantly.
Harrier	Harrier
Valor periodically marks enemies as Vulnerable. Quinn's first attack against Vulnerable targets will deal bonus physical damage.
Harsh Lesson	Harsh Lesson
Illaoi leaps to her target, dealing physical damage and causing nearby Tentacles to also swing at the target.
Harvesters of Sorrow	Harvesters of Sorrow
Passive: If Mordekaiser shares experience with an ally, his experience penalty for sharing a kill is only 50% of what it would normally be. Active: Mordekaiser targets an ally champion or himself. For the next 4 seconds, Mordekaiser and the target allied champion gain 75 bonus movement speed when moving towards each other. When near enough to each other, they also each deal magic damage per second to nearby enemies for the duration. At the end of Harvesters of Sorrow's duration (or when Mordekaiser reactivates it), he deals magic damage to all nearby enemies and heals both himself and his ally from up to 2 targets hit.
Hate Spike	Hate Spike
Instantly spikes the closest enemy unit with malevolent energy, dealing magic damage and 50% damage to a secondary nearby target.
Hawkshot	Hawkshot
Ashe can activate this ability to send her Hawk Spirit on a scouting mission. Ashe store up to two charges of Hawkshot at a time.
Headbutt	Headbutt
Alistar rams a target with his head, dealing damage and knocking the target back.
Headshot	Headshot
Every 6 attacks (attacks while in brush count as 2, attacks against structures do not count), Caitlyn will fire a headshot, dealing either 150% damage to a champion or 250% damage to a minion. Headshot's damage is increased by 50% of Caitlyn's Critical Strike chance.
Heartseeker Strike	Heartseeker Strike
Pantheon focuses and unleashes 3 swift strikes to the area in front of him, dealing double damage to champions. Pantheon also becomes more aware of his enemy's vital spots, allowing him to always crit enemies below 15% health.
Heightened Senses	Heightened Senses
Passive: Attacking a Vulnerable target will increase Quinns Attack Speed and Movement Speed for a few seconds. Active: Valor rushes to the skies, revealing a large area around Quinn, including all brush and non-stealthed units.
Help, Pix!	Help, Pix!
If cast on an ally, commands Pix to jump to an ally and shield them. He then follows them and aids their attacks. If cast on an enemy, commands Pix to jump to an enemy and damage them. He then follows them and grants you vision of that enemy.
Hemoplague	Hemoplague
Vladimir infects an area with a virulent plague. Affected enemies take increased damage damage the units take and deals damage after a few seconds to infected enemies.
Hemorrhage	Hemorrhage
Darius aims his attacks strategically, causing his target to bleed for 5 seconds. The bleed damage is increased every level. This effect stacks up to five times. Reaching 5 stacks or killing an enemy champion with Noxian Guillotine activates Noxian Might for 5 seconds. During Noxian Might, Darius gains bonus Attack Damage and applies max Hemorrhage stacks to enemies with basic attacks or Decimate's Blade.
Heroic Charge	Heroic Charge
Poppy dashes to the target enemy, dealing physical damage to them and carrying them along with her. If they collide with terrain, she deals the same amount of physical damage to them again and temporarily stuns them.
Hexplosive Minefield	Hexplosive Minefield
Ziggs scatters proximity mines that detonate on enemy contact, dealing magic damage and slowing.
Hextech Capacitor	Hextech Capacitor
Jayce gains a quick burst of movement speed and ignores unit collision each time Transform is cast.
Hextech Micro-Rockets	Hextech Micro-Rockets
Heimerdinger unleashes a barrage of 5 rockets that converge on the target location and fan beyond it up to a maximum range, each rocket dealing magic damage to the first enemy it hits. Enemy champions and neutral monsters that are hit by more than one rocket take 20% magic damage for each rocket beyond the first. Enemy minions take modified damage from each rocket.
Hextech Munitions	Hextech Munitions
Corki's basic attacks deal 110% damage, split evenly between 55% magic damage and 55% physical damage. After 8 minutes, Corki can return to base to pick up The Package, gaining extreme out-of-combat movement speed and can cast Special Delivery for 60 seconds. A new package appears 5 minutes after the last was used.
Hextech Rocket Swarm	Hextech Rocket Swarm
Fires 4 waves that deal 135/180/225 (+0.45 Ability Power) magic damage each. Champions and monsters hit by multiple rockets take reduced damage (max 550/690/865 (+1.83 Ability Power))
Highlander	Highlander
Master Yi moves with unparalleled agility, temporarily increasing Master Yi's movement and attack speeds as well as making him immune to all slowing effects. Additionally, killing a Champion reduces all of Master Yi's cooldowns.
Hiten Style	Hiten Style
Irelia is skilled in the art of Hiten, passively giving her physical attacks health restoration. Activating Hiten Style adds true damage to her physical attacks for a short duration.
Holy Fervor	Holy Fervor
Kayle's basic attacks against enemy champions reduces their armor and magic resistance by 3% for 5 seconds (stacks up to 5 times).
Hop	Hop
Gnar leaps to a location, gaining bonus attack speed for 3 seconds. If Gnar lands on a unit he will bounce off it, traveling further, dealing physical damage and briefly slowing the unit landed on if it was an enemy.
Hop / Crunch	Hop / Crunch
Hop: Gnar leaps to a location, gaining bonus attack speed for 3 seconds. If Gnar lands on a unit he will bounce off it, traveling further, dealing physical damage and briefly slowing the unit landed on if it was an enemy. Crunch: Gnar leaps to a location, dealing physical damage to all nearby enemies on landing. Enemies on the center of the impact area are slowed briefly.
Howling Gale	Howling Gale
By creating a localized change in pressure and temperature, Janna is able to create a small storm that grows in size with time. She can activate the spell again to release the storm. On release this storm will fly towards the direction it was cast in, dealing damage and knocking up any enemies in its path.
Human Form	Human Form
Human Form: Elise transforms into a human form with new abilities. Each level of her ultimate allows Elise to summon an additional spiderling.
Hungering Strike	Hungering Strike
Strikes an enemy and heals Warwick for 80% of the magic damage dealt.
Hunters Call	Hunters Call
Warwick lets out a howl, increasing all nearby friendly champions' attack speed for a short time.
Hymn of Valor	Hymn of Valor
Active: Sona sends out bolts of sound that deal magic damage to the two nearest enemies within 700-range, prioritizing champions. Aura: Sona and allied champions tagged with Hymn of Valor's aura deal bonus magic damage on their next basic attack within 3 seconds. The damage increases by 10 for each rank in Crescendo. Power Chord - Staccato: If this spell was last cast when Power Chord is ready, Power Chord deals 40% bonus damage.
Hyper	Hyper
Every 3rd consecutive attack or spell on the same target grants Gnar 30% bonus movement speed that decays over 3 seconds, and deals additional magic damage equal to a base amount plus a percentage of the target's max. health. This damage is capped against minions and monsters. Gnar gains Hyper's bonus movement speed whenever he returns to Mini Gnar from Mega Gnar.
Hyper / Wallop	Hyper / Wallop
Hyper: Every 3rd consecutive attack or spell on the same target grants Gnar 30% bonus movement speed that decays over 3 seconds, and deals additional magic damage equal to a base amount plus a percentage of the target's max. health. This damage is capped against minions and monsters. Gnar gains Hyper's bonus movement speed whenever he returns to Mini Gnar from Mega Gnar. Wallop: Gnar stands on his back legs before slamming his fists into the ground, dealing physical damage and stunning enemies in a large area in front of him for 1.25 seconds.
Hyper Charge	Hyper Charge
Jayce gains a burst of energy, increasing his attack speed to the maximum amount for 3 attacks. These attacks deal physical damage equal to a percentage of his attack damage.
Hyper-Kinetic Position Reverser	Hyper-Kinetic Position Reverser
Urgot charges up his Hyper-Kinetic Position Reverser, gaining damage reduction and swapping positions with his target. After the swap, his target is slowed. Once the cast is done, Urgot ignores unit collision for 1 second.
Icathian Surprise	Icathian Surprise
Upon dying, Kog'Maw starts a chain reaction in his body which causes him to move faster and detonate after 4 seconds; dealing 100 + (25 x lvl) true damage to surrounding enemies.
Ice Blast	Ice Blast
Nunu throws a ball of ice at an enemy unit, dealing damage and slowing their movement speed for 4 seconds.
Ice Shard	Ice Shard
Throws a spear of ice that travels in a line and shatters when it hits an enemy, dealing magic damage and slowing its Movement Speed for 1.5 seconds. Shards then pass through the target, dealing the same damage to other enemies hit (but not slowing them).
Iceborn	Iceborn
Every 18 seconds, Lissandra's next ability costs no mana. Cooldown reduction does not affect Iceborn, but the cooldown is reduced by 1 second whenever Lissandra impairs an enemy's movement with an ability (does not apply to movement-impairing effects from items).
Idol of Durand	Idol of Durand
Galio channels for 2 seconds, taunting nearby foes and reducing 50% of incoming damage. After channeling, Galio deals magic damage to surrounding enemies, plus an additional 10% damage for each attack suffered while channeling. Maximum +80% bonus damage. This ability can be cancelled early and will deal full damage. Additionally, its taunt duration is not reducible by tenacity.
Illumination	Illumination
Lux's damaging spells charge the target with energy for 6 seconds. Lux's next attack ignites the energy, dealing 20-190 (depending Lux's level) magic damage to the target.
Imbue	Imbue
Taric brings forth earthen energy to heal his target. As the magic flows through him he is healed for the same amount. If Taric heals only himself, the total effect will be 1.4X the base heal amount.
Impale	Impale
Skarner suppresses an enemy champion for 1.75 seconds, dealing physical and magic damage to them. During this time, Skarner can move freely and will drag his helpless victim around with him. When the effect ends, Skarner's target will be dealt the same amount of magic and physical damage again.
Incinerate	Incinerate
Annie casts a blazing cone of fire, dealing damage to all targets in the area.
Infected Cleaver	Infected Cleaver
Dr. Mundo hurls his cleaver in a line to damage a single enemy, dealing magic damage equal to a portion of the enemy's current health and slowing them. If Infected Cleaver hits a target, it refunds 50% of the cost. If it delivers the killing blow, it refunds the entire cost instead.
Infinite Duress	Infinite Duress
Warwick lunges at an enemy Champion, stunning them, suppressing their summoner spells and dealing damage for a few seconds.
Inner Flame	Inner Flame
Karma sends for a ball of energy that explodes and deals damage upon hitting an enemy unit. Mantra Bonus: In addition to the explosion, Mantra increases the power of Inner Flame, creating a cataclysm which deals damage after a short delay.
Insanity Potion	Insanity Potion
Singed drinks a potent brew of chemicals, granting him increased combat stats.
Inspire	Inspire
Karma shields target ally for 4 seconds and grants the target bonus movement speed for 1.5 seconds.
Intervention	Intervention
Kayle bathes a target ally champion (or herself) in a holy light, rendering them immune to all damage for a few seconds.
Ionian Fervor	Ionian Fervor
Each nearby enemy champion (to a maximum of three) reduces the effectiveness of Crowd Control on Irelia.
Iron Ambassador	Iron Ambassador
Poppy periodically throws her buckler on her next basic attack, granting it bonus range and magic damage and causing the shield to fall near her target, where it remains for up to 4 seconds. If Poppy picks up the buckler, she shields herself for a percentage of her maximum Health for several seconds. Enemies can step on the buckler to destroy it. If the buckler kills its target, it bounces back to Poppy and automatically shields her.
Iron Man	Iron Man
Mordekaiser shields himself for 25% of the damage dealt from abilities, absorbing incoming damage (shield generation is only half as effective against minions). The maximum shield strength is equal to 25% of Mordekaiser's maximum Health, while the shield decays by 1.5% of his base Health every second. Once the shield reaches 25% of its maximum value, it no longer decays.
Iron Will	Iron Will
Lee Sin's intense training allows him to thrive in battle. For 4 seconds, Lee Sin gains {5/10/15/20/25} % lifesteal and spell vamp.
Jack In The Box	Jack In The Box
Shaco creates an animated Jack-in-the-Box at target location, which will wait, stealthed, to Fear nearby units and attack them when some come nearby. Casting Jack In The Box breaks stealth.
Javelin Toss	Javelin Toss
Nidalee throws a spiked javelin at her target that gains damage if it exceeds Nidalee's basic attack range. It also marks the hit enemy as Hunted.
Javelin Toss / Takedown	Javelin Toss / Takedown
In human form, Nidalee throws a spiked javelin at her target that gains damage if it exceeds Nidalee's basic attack range. It also marks the hit enemy as Hunted. As a cougar her next basic attack deals bonus damage which deals higher damage the lower the enemy is. She also gains +75 range when using Takedown.
Judgment	Judgment
Garen rapidly spins his sword around his body a set number of times over 3 seconds, ignoring unit collision and dealing physical damage per spin to nearby enemies. This damage is increased by 33% when striking a single target. Garen can deactivate Judgement early by activating the ability again after 1 second, which reduces the cooldown by the remaining duration of the spin. Garen cannot use Decisive Strike or Demacian Justice while Judgement is in effect.
Junkyard Titan	Junkyard Titan
Rumble's abilities generate heat. When Rumble reaches 100 heat he overheats, silencing himself and causing his physical attacks to deal additional magic damage. Rumble loses heat over time.
Keeper's Verdict	Keeper's Verdict
First cast: Poppy channels for up to 4 seconds, retaining the ability to move but slowing herself by 15% for the duration. Keeper's Verdict's cooldown is reduced by 75% if its channel is canceled. Second cast: Poppy smashes the ground, sending out a shockwave. When it hits an enemy champion, a massive hammer erupts from the ground, dealing physical damage to all enemies around it and knocking them a large distance toward their Summoning Platform. Poppy has sight of airborne enemies and they are rendered untargetable for the duration, with the distance increasing based on how long Keeper's Verdict was channeled. Releasing the ability instantly cancels the channel and knocks up all enemies around Poppy instead.
Ki Burst	Ki Burst
Riven damages and stuns nearby enemies.
Ki Strike	Ki Strike
Every 9/8/7 seconds (decreased every 6 champion levels), Shen's next attack deals a percentage of bonus health as extra magic damage.
King's Tribute	King's Tribute
Whenever an enemy unit near Trundle dies, he heals for a percentage of its maximum health.
Lamb's Respite	Lamb's Respite
Lamb blesses the ground under a friendly champion for 4 seconds, creating an area in which no living things, ally or enemy, can die. Upon reaching 10% of their maximum health, units become immune to further damage or healing. When the blessing ends, all living things inside the area are healed for a flat amount.
Last Breath	Last Breath
Yasuo gains maximum Flow, and teleports to a nearby Airborne enemy champion, briefly suspending them and all surrounding Airborne enemies mid-air as he damages them. Once he lands, Yasuo gains significant armor penetration against his enemy's bonus armor for an extended period of time.
Lay Waste	Lay Waste
Karthus unleashes a delayed blast at a location, dealing damage to nearby enemies.
League of Draven	League of Draven
When Draven catches a Spinning Axe, or kills a minion or monster, he gains one stack of Adoration. If he kills 6 minions in a row without dropping a Spinning Axe, Draven gains 2 additional stacks of Adoration. When Draven kills an enemy champion, he consumes all of his Adoration stacks and gains 50 gold, plus 2 gold per stack consumed. Draven loses half of his Adoration stacks upon death.
Leap	Leap
Kha'Zix leaps to an area, dealing physical damage to enemies in the area he lands. Evolving wings increases Leap's range dramatically and causes a kill or assists to refresh the cooldown of Leap.
Leap of Faith	Leap of Faith
Illaoi leaps into the air before slamming her idol into the ground, damaging all nearby enemies and summoning a Tentacle for every enemy champion hit. Harsh Lesson's cooldown is significantly reduced while Leap of Faith is active.
Leap Strike	Leap Strike
Jax leaps toward a target. If it's an enemy, he smacks it in the face with his lamppost.
Let's Bounce!	Let's Bounce!
Zac leaps into the air and removes all slows affecting him. He then begins to bounce on the ground, up to a maximum of 4 bounces. Each bounce deals magic damage to nearby enemies, knocks them up for 1 second, and slows them by 20% for 1 second. Enemies hit more than once take half damage and are not knocked up or slowed. Zac gains an accelerating movement speed buff (20-50%) while active. Zac can move and activate Unstable Matter while in the air. While active, Zac is unable to activate Stretching Strike or Elastic Slingshot.
Life Form Disintegration Ray	Life Form Disintegration Ray
Vel'Koz channels a ray of infinite energy that follows the cursor for a brief while, damaging, slowing and Deconstructing all enemies in range.
Light Binding	Light Binding
Lux releases a sphere of light that immobilizes and deals damage to up to two enemy units.
Lightning Field	Lightning Field
Passive: Jayce restores mana per strike. Active: Jayce creates a field of lightning, damaging nearby enemies for several seconds.
Lightning Field / Hyper Charge	Lightning Field / Hyper Charge
Lightning Field: Passive: Jayce restores mana per strike. Active: Jayce creates a field of lightning, damaging nearby enemies for several seconds. Hyper Charge: Jayce gains a burst of energy, increasing his attack speed to the maximum amount for 3 attacks. These attacks deal physical damage equal to a percentage of his attack damage.
Lightning Rush	Lightning Rush
Kennen gains 335 movement speed as well as increased Armor and Magic Resistance, and the ability to pass through units for up to three seconds, but he is unable to attack. Lightning Rush deals magic damage and adds a Mark of the Storm to any hostile unit he passes through; deals half damage to minions. Kennen is refunded 40 energy if he passes through an enemy while using this spell, but can only gain this effect once.
Lightslinger	Lightslinger
After using one of his abilities, Lucian's next auto attack within 3 seconds will strike twice. The second shot deals a percentage of Lucian's AD based on level, but fully applies on-hit effects. Minions and monsters take full damage from the second shot. The second shot can critically strike.
Living Artillery	Living Artillery
Kog'Maw fires a living artillery shell at a great distance dealing damage and revealing targets. Additionally, multiple Living Artilleries in a short period of time cause them to cost additional Mana.
Living Shadow	Living Shadow
Passive: Zed's bonus attack damage is increased by a percentage. Active: Zed's shadow dashes forward, remaining in place for 4 seconds. Reactivating this ability will cause Zed to switch positions with this shadow. Zed's shadow will mimic his basic abilities. If both strike the same target Zed regains some energy. Energy can only be restored once per mimicked ability.
Living Vengeance	Living Vengeance
On champion kill or assist, Varus gains 40% attack speed for 6 seconds. On minion kill, Varus gains 20% attack speed for 3 seconds.
Loaded Dice	Loaded Dice
Upon killing a unit, Twisted Fate rolls his dice, gaining bonus gold. Naturally, Twisted Fate has a higher chance to receive a larger bonus.
Love Tap	Love Tap
Whenever Miss Fortune basic attacks a new target, she deals bonus physical damage. Love tap deals 50% damage to minions and turrets.
Lucent Singularity	Lucent Singularity
Fires an anomaly of twisted light to an area, which slows nearby enemies. Lux can detonate it to damage enemies in the area of effect.
Lunar Rush	Lunar Rush
Diana dashes to an enemy, dealing magic damage and consuming all active Moonlight debuffs. Lunar Rush has no cooldown when used to teleport to a target afflicted with Moonlight, even if Diana is interrupted during her dash.
Lunge	Lunge
Fiora lunges in a target direction before striking a nearby enemy, dealing physical damage and applying on-hit effects. Lunge prioritizes enemy champions, and tries to hit enemy weak spots. If Lunge hits an enemy, its cooldown is reduced by 60%.
Mace of Spades	Mace of Spades
Mordekaiser's next 3 basic attacks are empowered and deal bonus magic damage, with the first and second hit dealing an equal amount while the third hit deals double damage.
Magical Journey	Magical Journey
Bard conjures a portal on a target wall. The portal tunnels through to the far end of the wall, granting one-way passage to all champions, friend and foe, who enter it. While inside the portal, allies travel faster than enemies.
Majestic Roar	Majestic Roar
Volibear lets out a powerful roar that damages and slows enemies. Minions and monsters are feared as well.
Make it Rain	Make it Rain
Miss Fortune unleashes a flurry of bullets at a location, dealing waves of damage to opponents and slowing them.
Malefic Visions	Malefic Visions
Malzahar infects his target's mind with cruel visions of their demise, dealing damage each second. If the target dies while afflicted by the visions, they pass on to a nearby enemy unit and Malzahar gains mana. Malzahar's Voidlings are attracted to affected units.
Mana Barrier	Mana Barrier
When Blitzcrank's life is brought below 20% health, he creates a Mana Barrier, a shield with 50% of his current mana, which lasts 10 seconds. The activation doesn't consume any mana. This effect has a one minute cooldown.
Mana Surge	Mana Surge
Every 12 seconds, Xerath's next basic attack will restore 30 / 33 / 36 / 42 / 48 / 54 / 63 / 72 / 81 / 90 / 102 / 114 / 126 / 138 / 150 / 165 / 180 / 195 mana. The amount of mana restored is doubled if the attack target is a champion.
Mantra	Mantra
Karma empowers her next ability cast within the next 8 seconds, adding an additional effect. Empowered abilities share the same cooldown as their basic form. Karma begins with one rank in Mantra and can increase it at levels 6, 11, and 16. Ranks in Mantra improve the additional effects of empowered abilities.
Mark of the Assassin	Mark of the Assassin
Akali spins her kama at a target enemy to deal magic damage and mark the target for 6 seconds. Akali's melee attacks against a marked target will trigger and consume the mark to cause additional damage and restore energy.
Mark of the Kindred	Mark of the Kindred
Both Lamb and Wolf mark targets to hunt. Lamb marks an enemy champion for death (this mark activates after an 8 second delay), while Wolf periodically selects a random monster within the enemy's jungle (excluding epic monsters). All champions can see targets that are marked. At 6 stacks, Wolf will hunt The Rift Herald and Baron Nashor. If Kindred kills a marked target or assists in their death, Lamb's basic attacks are permanently empowered to deal 1.25% of her target's current health as bonus physical damage, stacking with each mark consumed (capped at 75{+10 per stack} versus monsters). Targets successfully hunted cannot be targeted again for 240 seconds. Lamb can also change her target after 90 seconds if the target hasn't died in that time.
Mark of the Storm	Mark of the Storm
Kennen's abilities add Marks of the Storm to opponents which last for 6 seconds. An opponent is stunned for 1 second upon receiving 3 Marks of the Storm. Also, Kennen receives 25 energy. The stun has a diminished effect if applied more than once within 7 seconds.
Martial Cadence	Martial Cadence
Jarvan IV exploits his target's opening, dealing a percentage of the target's current HP as magic damage. This effect cannot occur on the same target for 6 seconds.
Martial Poise	Martial Poise
Kalista cannot cancel her basic attacks and they will miss if she loses sight of her target before they hit. If Kalista enters a movement command while winding her basic attack or Pierce, she will drive through that direction when she launches her attack, dashing a short distance. The distance traveled scales with bonus movement speed. Additionally, Kalista begins the game with a unique item, The Black Spear. The Black Spear - Active: Kalista offers a pact to an allied champion. Should they agree, the item is consumed and binds them together, turning the target into an Oathsworn ally for the remainder of the game. Kalista requires an Oathsworn ally to utilize Sentinel's Soul-Marked and Fate's Call.
Masochism	Masochism
Increases Dr. Mundo's physical damage by a flat amount for 5 seconds. In addition, Dr. Mundo also gains additional damage for each percentage of health he is missing as well as increased range and damage on his next auto attack.
Massacre	Massacre
Aatrox draws in the blood of his foes, dealing magic damage to nearby enemy champions. For the next 12 seconds, Aatrox gains bonus attack speed and 175 bonus attack range (325 total range). He is still considered melee for item purposes.
Meditate	Meditate
Master Yi rejuvinates his body by focus of mind, restoring health and increasing his armor and magic resistance for a short time.
Mega Adhesive	Mega Adhesive
Throws a vial of mega adhesive on the ground causing all enemies who touch it to be slowed for the duration.
Mega Inferno Bomb	Mega Inferno Bomb
Ziggs deploys his ultimate creation, the Mega Inferno Bomb, hurling it an enormous distance. Enemies in the primary blast zone take more damage than those further away. Minions take double damage.
Mercury Cannon	Mercury Cannon
Transforms the Mercury Hammer into the Mercury Cannon gaining new abilities and increased range. The first attack in this form reduces the target's Armor and Magic Resist by 10/15/20/25% for 5 seconds.
Mercury Cannon / Mercury Hammer	Mercury Cannon / Mercury Hammer
Mercury Cannon: Transforms the Mercury Hammer into the Mercury Cannon gaining new abilities and increased range. The first attack in this form reduces the target's Armor and Magic Resist. Mercury Hammer: Transforms the Mercury Cannon into the Mercury Hammer gaining new abilities and increasing Armor and Magic Resist. The first attack in this form deals additional magic damage.
Mercury Hammer	Mercury Hammer
Transforms the Mercury Cannon into the Mercury Hammer gaining new abilities and increases Jayce's Armor and Magic Resist by 5/15/25/35. The first attack in this form deals 20/60/100/140 additional magic damage.
Mercy	Mercy
Talon deals 10% additional damage with his autoattacks to any target that is slowed, stunned, immobilized or suppressed.
Miasma	Miasma
Cassiopeia releases a growing cloud of poison that lasts for 7 seconds, giving vision of the area. Any enemy that passes through it is poisoned for 2 seconds, dealing magic damage each second and slowing them. Continual exposure renews this poison.
Mimic	Mimic
LeBlanc can cast the previous spell she cast. The mimicked spell deals significantly increased damage based on Mimic's rank.
Mirror Image	Mirror Image
When LeBlanc is brought below 40% health, she instantly becomes stealthed for one second and creates a controllable clone of herself which deals no damage and lasts for up to 8 seconds. This can only occur once per minute, regardless of cooldown reduction. The illusion's autoattacks will proc on-hit effects (including damage).
Missile Barrage	Missile Barrage
Corki fires a missile towards his target location that will collide with the first enemy it hits, dealing damage to units around the target. Corki stores one missile every 14 seconds up to 7 missiles total. Every 3rd missile will be a Big One.
Mocking Shout	Mocking Shout
Tryndamere lets out an insulting cry, decreasing surrounding champions' physical damage. Enemies with their backs turned to Tryndamere also have their movement speed slowed.
Molten Shield	Molten Shield
Shields Annie from harm, reducing damage she takes and returning damage to melee attackers.
Monkey's Agility	Monkey's Agility
Entering a stance grants Udyr 10% attack speed and 4% bonus armor and magic resist for 5 seconds. This effect stacks 3 times.
Monsoon	Monsoon
Janna surrounds herself in a magical storm throwing enemies back and channels soothing winds that heal nearby allies.
Moonfall	Moonfall
Diana draws in and slows all nearby enemies.
Moonsilver Blade	Moonsilver Blade
Diana has increased Attack Speed. Every third strike cleaves nearby enemies for additional magic damage.
Mounting Dread	Mounting Dread
Lamb fires a carefully placed shot, slowing an enemy target for a short duration. If Lamb attacks the target two more times, her third attack instead directs Wolf to pounce on the enemy, savaging them for massive damage.
Move Quick	Move Quick
Passive: Grants increased movement speed until struck by a champion or turret. The passive is restored 5 seconds (static cooldown) after last being struck by a champion or turret. Active: For 3 seconds,Teemo gains double his passive movement speed and will not lose it even if he is hit.
Mystic Shot	Mystic Shot
Ezreal fires a bolt of energy that deals physical damage and applies on-hit effects. If it strikes an enemy unit it reduces all of Ezreal's cooldowns by 1.5 seconds.
Nether Blade	Nether Blade
Passive: Kassadin's melee attacks deal bonus magic damage. Active: Kassadin's next basic attack becomes charged, dealing bonus magic damage and restoring a percentage of Kassadin's missing mana.
Nether Grasp	Nether Grasp
Malzahar channels the essence of the Void to stun his target and disable summoner spells, dealing damage each second.
Neurotoxin	Neurotoxin
Elise launches a blast of corrosive poison at target enemy, dealing magic damage equal to a base amount plus a percentage of her target's current health. Damage is capped against monsters.
Neurotoxin / Venomous Bite	Neurotoxin / Venomous Bite
Neurotoxin: Elise launches a blast of corrosive poison at target enemy, dealing bonus damage based on its current Health. Venomous Bite: Elise lunges forward and bites her target, dealing bonus damage based on how low its Health is.
Nevermove	Nevermove
Swain marks a target area. After a short delay, mighty talons grab hold of enemy units dealing magic damage and rooting them.
New Destiny	New Destiny
Graves' basic attack fires a cone of 4 bullets which stop on the first unit hit. Subsequent bullets on the same target deal reduced damage. Graves stores 2 shells at a time and must reload to continue basic attacking. Upon critically striking, Graves fires 8 bullets (10 with Infinity Edge).
Night Hunter	Night Hunter
Vayne ruthlessly hunts evil-doers. She gains 30 Movement Speed when moving towards an enemy champion.
Nimble Fighter	Nimble Fighter
Fizz's dexterity allows him to ignore unit collision and take less damage from basic attacks.
Nimbus Strike	Nimbus Strike
Wukong dashes on a cloud toward a target enemy and sends out images to attack up to 2 additional enemies near his target, dealing physical damage to each enemy struck. He also gains an attack speed bonus after using this skill.
Noxian Corrosive Charge	Noxian Corrosive Charge
Urgot launches a corrosive charge that damages enemies in an area and reduces their armor.
Noxian Diplomacy	Noxian Diplomacy
Talon's next autoattack deals additional physical damage. If the target is a champion, they will bleed for 6 seconds, taking additional physical damage each second and revealing their location for the duration.
Noxian Guillotine	Noxian Guillotine
Darius leaps to an enemy Champion and strikes a lethal blow, dealing true damage. This damage increases for each stack of Hemorrhage on the target. If Noxian Guillotine is a killing blow, Darius causes all nearby minions and monsters to flee in terror and he can recast the ability for free within the next 20 seconds. This can occur multiple times in succession. At maximum rank, the cooldown will completely reset on kill.
Noxious Blast	Noxious Blast
Cassiopeia blasts an area with a delayed high damaging poison, dealing magic damage over 3 seconds and granting her movement speed for 3 seconds if she hits a champion.
Noxious Trap	Noxious Trap
Teemo places a trap which stealths and arms in 1 second. It detonates if an enemy steps on it, dealing magic damage by poisoning nearby enemies, applying a slow and revealing them for 4 seconds. The traps last 5 minutes. Teemo will store one every several seconds, and can have a maximum of three stocked up. Each cast requires and uses a trap. After death, Teemo respawns with 2 mushrooms. Casting traps on existing Noxious Traps causes them to bounce further in the direction they were originally tossed.
Null Sphere	Null Sphere
Kassadin fires an ethereal bolt of void energy, dealing damage, interrupting channel spells and shielding him for a short duration.
Null Zone	Null Zone
Malzahar creates a zone of negative energy for 5 seconds, dealing magic damage per second equal to a percent of the enemies' max HP inside it.
Omen of Death	Omen of Death
Yorick conjures a revenant in the image of one of his allies that will have a percentage of their max health and attack damage. If his ally dies while its revenant is alive, the revenant sacrifices itself to reanimate them temporarily by restoring them to full health and give them time to enact vengeance.
Omen of Famine	Omen of Famine
Yorick deals magic damage and heals for part of the damage dealt. A Ravenous Ghoul is summoned behind his target, which heals Yorick for the damage it deals.
Omen of Pestilence	Omen of Pestilence
Yorick summons a Decaying Ghoul that arrives with a violent explosion, dealing damage and slowing nearby enemies. While the Decaying Ghoul remains alive, nearby enemies continue to be slowed.
Omen of War	Omen of War
Yorick's next attack will deal bonus physical damage and summon a Spectral Ghoul. The Spectral Ghoul deals additional damage and moves faster than the rest of the ghouls. While the ghoul is active, Yorick moves faster as well.
On The Hunt	On The Hunt
Passive: Sivir gains bonus Attack Speed while Ricochet is active. Active: Sivir rallies her allies for 8 seconds, granting all nearby allies an initial Movement Speed bonus which decays to a weaker bonus after a short duration. Allies that enter On The Hunt's radius after the cast are given the same bonus movement speed value and duration Sivir currently has.
Onslaught of Shadows	Onslaught of Shadows
Hecarim summons spectral riders and charges forward, dealing magic damage in a line. Hecarim creates a shockwave when he finishes his charge, dealing additional magic damage to nearby enemies causing them to flee in terror.
Orb of Deception	Orb of Deception
Ahri throws out and pulls back her orb, dealing magic damage on the way out and true damage on the way back. Ahri gains a massive movement speed boost while her orb is traveling that rapidly decays over time.
Organic Deconstruction	Organic Deconstruction
VelKozs abilities Deconstruct those they strike. After being hit three times by his abilities, minions, monsters and enemy champions are Deconstructed and suffer bonus true damage. Enemies lose their Deconstruction stacks by avoiding VelKozs attacks for a short while.
Overdrive	Overdrive
Blitzcrank super charges himself to gain a burst of Movement Speed and Attack Speed. When Overdrive ends, Blitzcrank is slowed for a short period of time.
Overload	Overload
Passive: Increases the duration of Arcane Mastery's supercharged effect. Active: Ryze fires a ball of rune energy out in a target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy struck and passively increases his supercharge duration.
Pale Cascade	Pale Cascade
Diana creates three orbiting spheres that detonate on contact with enemies to deal damage in an area. She also gains a temporary shield that absorbs damage. This shield is refreshed if all three spheres detonate.
Parallel Convergence	Parallel Convergence
Passive: Ekko's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage to enemies under 30% health equal to a percentage of their missing health (max 400 damage vs. minions and monsters). Active: After a 3 second delay, Ekko creates a short-lived chronosphere at the target location that slows enemies who enter. If Ekko enters the sphere, he will detonate it, gaining a shield that absorbs damage for a short duration. Enemies caught inside are also temporarily stunned.
Paranoia	Paranoia
Nocturne reduces the sight radius of all enemy champions and removes their ally vision for 4 seconds, this includes champions, minions, wards and towers. He can then launch himself at an enemy champion with a large range. Deals physical damage on arrival.
Parrrley	Parrrley
Gankplank shoots an enemy with his pistol, dealing physical damage. Gangplank gains extra gold and Silver Serpents (which can be spent to upgrade his ultimate) if Parrrley deals a killing blow. This ability can critically strike and applies on-hit effects, but doesn't apply Trial By Fire.
Permafrost	Permafrost
Sejuani's abilities and basic attacks apply Frost to enemies. Activating Permafrost damages and slows all nearby enemies with Frost.
Perseverance	Perseverance
Garen regenerates a small percentage of his maximum health per second after not receiving damage for a certain amount of time. Until level 11, the regenerative state will stop if Garen receives damage from any source other than lane minions. After that, Perseverance is also no longer removed by non-epic monsters.
Petrifying Gaze	Petrifying Gaze
Cassiopeia releases a swirl of magical energy from her eyes, stunning any enemies in front of her that are facing her and slowing any others with their back turned.
Phase Dive	Phase Dive
Ekko dashes a short distance in the targeted direction. He gains bonus attack range on his next attack, which deals bonus magic damage and teleports him to his target.
Phoenix Stance	Phoenix Stance
Phoenix Stance: Activation - Udyr sends out pulsing waves of fire dealing damage to nearby foes for 5 seconds and has increased ability power and damage. Persistent Effect - Every third attack, Udyr engulfs enemies in front of him in flame.
Phosphorus Bomb	Phosphorus Bomb
Corki launches a bomb at a target 250-radius area, granting sight of the location as it travels and for 6 seconds afterward. Enemies within the area take magic damage and Corki gains sight of them for 6 seconds.
Pick A Card	Pick A Card
Twisted Fate chooses a magic card from his deck, and uses that for his next attack, causing bonus effects.
Pierce	Pierce
Kalista hurls a fast and narrow spear, dealing physical damage to the first enemy struck. If Pierce scores a kill, the spear will continue onward, passing all Rend stacks from the dead victim to the next enemy it hits.
Piercing Arrow	Piercing Arrow
Varus readies and then fires a powerful shot that gains extra range and damage the longer he spends preparing to fire.
Piercing Light	Piercing Light
After a 0.4 second delay, Lucian fires a laser in the direction of the target enemy: dealing physical damage to all enemies in a line.
Pillar of Flame	Pillar of Flame
After a short delay, Brand creates a pillar of flame at a target area, dealing magic damage to enemy units within the area. Units that are ablaze take an additional 25% damage.
Pillar of Ice	Pillar of Ice
Trundle creates an ice pillar at target location, becoming impassable terrain and slowing all nearby enemy units.
Piltover Peacemaker	Piltover Peacemaker
Caitlyn revs up her rifle for 1 second to unleash a penetrating shot which deals physical damage (deals less damage to subsequent targets).
Pix, Faerie Companion	Pix, Faerie Companion
Pix fires magical bolts of energy whenever his owner attacks another enemy unit. These bolts are homing, but can be intercepted by other units.
Plasma Fission	Plasma Fission
VelKoz fires a plasma bolt that slows and damages the first enemy struck. Once Plasma Fission hits, reaches its maximum range or is reactivated a second time, the bolt splits at a 90 degree angle. The split bolts deal the same damage and apply the same slow.
Playful / Trickster	Playful / Trickster
Fizz hops onto his staff, becoming untargetable. He may then choose to slam the ground or hop off to another location.
Poison Trail	Poison Trail
Leaves a trail of poison behind Singed, dealing damage to enemies caught in the path.
Pounce	Pounce
Nidalee lunges forward, dealing magic damage to enemies around her landing area. If the enemy is Hunted, Nidalee will have extra range on Pounce whilst jumping directly at her target and the cooldown of the ability will be reduced to 1.5 seconds. Killing a unit in cougar form will also reduce Pounce's cooldown to 1.5 seconds.
Pow-Pow, the Minigun	Pow-Pow, the Minigun
Jinx gains bonus attack speed for using Pow-Pow, the Minigun. Additionally, Jinx's basic attacks grant extra bonus attack speed for 2.5 seconds, stacking up to 3 times. The stacks decay one at a time when she stops attacking. If Jinx switches to her Rocket Launcher, she will lose all stacks after her first attack.
Powder Keg	Powder Keg
Passive: Gangplank stores a charge of Powder Keg every few seconds (up to a maximum). Active: Gangplank places a powder keg that can be attacked by himself or his enemies. If Gangplank destroys a keg, it explodes in an AoE blast that slows and spreads the damage of the attack to all nearby enemies. Other casks within the zone will chain explode. Explosions ignore 40% of their targets' armor, and enemy champions take bonus physical damage. If an enemy destroys the cask, it defuses the explosion and grants gold.
Power Chord	Power Chord
After 3 ability casts, Sona's next basic attack will deal bonus magic damage, with an additional effect depending on the last basic ability cast.
Power Fist	Power Fist
Blitzcrank charges up his fist to make his next attack deal double damage and pop his target up in the air.
Powerball	Powerball
Rammus accelerates in a ball towards his enemies, dealing damage and slowing targets affected by the impact.
Prey Seeker	Prey Seeker
Rek'Sai fires out a pulse of void energy in a straight line skillshot that detonates on the first enemy struck, dealing magic damage and revealing the target and all nearby enemies also hit by the missile's explosion for a short duration.
Primal Surge	Primal Surge
Nidalee channels the spirit of the cougar to heal her allies and imbide them with attack speed for a short duration.
Primal Surge / Swipe	Primal Surge / Swipe
In human form, Nidalee channels the spirit of the cougar to heal her allies and imbide them with attack speed for a short duration. As a cougar, she rapidly claws enemies in front of her.
Primordial Burst	Primordial Burst
Blasts target enemy champion, dealing magic damage plus additional damage based on his target's ability power.
Prismatic Barrier	Prismatic Barrier
Lux throws her wand to a target location and back, bending the light around herself and any friendly Champions it touches, protecting them from enemy damage.
Prophet of an Elder God	Prophet of an Elder God
Illaoi and the Vessels she creates spawn Tentacles on nearby impassible terrain. Tentacles swing at Spirits, Vessels, and victims of Illaoi's Harsh Lesson, dealing physical damage to enemies hit.
Prowl	Prowl
Moving through brush increases Nidalee's movement speed by 10% for 2 seconds, increased to 30% toward visible enemy champions within a range of 5500. Damaging champions or neutral monsters with Javelin Toss or Bushwhack marks them as 'Hunted' for 4 seconds, granting Nidalee vision of them, 30% increased movement speed toward them (within a range of 5500) and enhancing her next Takedown, Pounce, and Swipe against them. Also grants 10% movement speed to other directions.
Pulverize	Pulverize
Alistar smashes the ground where he is standing, dealing magic damage to all enemies in the area and tossing them into the air, knocking them up and stunning them upon landing.
Puncturing Taunt	Puncturing Taunt
Rammus taunts an enemy champion or monster into a reckless assault against Rammus' hard shell, reducing armor temporarily.
Pyroclasm	Pyroclasm
Brand unleashes a devastating torrent of fire that bounces between enemies, dealing damage each time it bounces. If a target is ablaze, Pyroclasm's missile speed increases. It will bounce five times, and can hit the same enemy up to three times.
Pyromania	Pyromania
After casting 4 spells, Annie's next spell will stun the target for 1.25/1.5/1.75 seconds.
Queen's Wrath	Queen's Wrath
Rek'Sai lashes out, dealing bonus physical damage to all enemies around her with her next three basic attacks.
Queen's Wrath / Prey Seeker	Queen's Wrath / Prey Seeker
Queen's Wrath: Rek'Sai lashes out, dealing bonus physical damage to all enemies around her with her next three basic attacks. Prey Seeker: Rek'Sai fires out a pulse of void energy in a straight line skillshot that detonates on the first enemy struck, dealing magic damage and revealing the target and all nearby enemies also hit by the missile's explosion for a short duration.
Quickdraw	Quickdraw
Graves dashes forward, resetting his basic attack timer and refilling one shell. Graves also gains armor and magic resist for 4 seconds, stacking up to 4 times. Damaging non-minions refreshes the duration of this buff. Quickdraw's cooldown is reduced by 0.5 seconds every time Graves hits an enemy with a bullet.
Radiance	Radiance
Taric slams the ground dealing magic damage to nearby enemies. For the next 10 seconds, Taric gains attack damage and ability power and receives an aura that grants nearby allies half the bonuses.
Rage Gene	Rage Gene
When Gnar reaches 100 Fury, he gains access to an alternate set of abilities. After either 5 seconds have elapsed or he casts an ability, Gnar will transform into Mega Gnar for 15 seconds while his Fury depletes. Once his Fury is exhausted, Gnar will return to normal and cannot gain Fury again for 15 seconds. Gnar's two ability sets share the same cooldowns.
Ragnarok	Ragnarok
Olaf has increased armor and magic resist. Upon activation, he breaks any crowd control effects and trades the armor and magic resist bonus for bonus attack damage and a burst of movement speed.
Rake	Rake
Talon sends out a volley of daggers in a cone that then quickly return back to him. This attack deals physical damage every time it passes through an enemy. Additionally, the enemy is slowed for 2 seconds.
Rampage	Rampage
Hecarim cleaves nearby enemies dealing physical damage.
Rampant Growth	Rampant Growth
Zyra plants a seed, granting vision of an area for up to 30 seconds. Other spells cast on seeds will turn them into plants who fight for Zyra.
Ranger's Focus	Ranger's Focus
Ashe's basic attacks grant Focus for 4 seconds, stacking up to 5 times. Activating Ranger's Focus consumes all Focus stacks, granting Attack Speed and replacing Ashe's basic attacks with a flurry of arrows, which deal extra damage per attack for the duration.
Rapid Fire	Rapid Fire
Tristana fires her weapon rapidly, increasing her attack speed for 5 seconds.
Rappel	Rappel
On enemy cast: Elise reveals nearby enemy targets, while she and her spiderlings lift up into the air, and then descend upon the target enemy. On ground cast: Elise reveals nearby enemy targets while she and her Spiderlings lift up into the air, becoming untargetable for 2 seconds. During that time she can cast Rappel again or right click to descend upon a nearby enemy. Upon landing, the bonus damage and healing from Elise's Spider Form attacks is increased.
Rat-Ta-Tat-Tat	Rat-Ta-Tat-Tat
Twitch closes his eyes and fires his crossbow, spraying powerful piercing arrows ahead of him.
Ravage	Ravage
Evelynn slashes a target enemy 2 times, dealing physical damage with each strike, then gains Increased Attack Speed for a short time. Strikes apply on-hit effects, but not spell effects.
Ravenous Flock	Ravenous Flock
Toggle: Swain transforms into the form of a raven. During this time, up to 3 lesser ravens strike out at nearby enemies each second, one raven per enemy. Swain is healed for 75% the damage dealt to champions and by 25% of the damage dealt to minions and monsters. The cost to sustain Ravenous Flock increases every second.
Razor Shuriken	Razor Shuriken
Active: Zed and his shadows throw their shurikens, each dealing physical damage to the first enemy they pass through and a lesser amount to enemies thereafter. Living Shadow: Additional shurikens striking the same enemy deal 50% damage and restore energy.
Rebirth	Rebirth
Upon dying, Anivia will revert into an egg. If the egg can survive for six seconds, she is gloriously reborn.
Reckless Swing	Reckless Swing
Olaf attacks with such force that it deals true damage to his target and himself.
Reckoning	Reckoning
Blasts a target, dealing magic damage, applying a stack of Holy Fervor and slowing its Movement Speed by for a short duration.
Reign of Anger	Reign of Anger
When Renekton is below 50% life he generates 50% more fury.
Relentless Assault	Relentless Assault
Every time Jax attacks an enemy he gains bonus attack speed for a short duration. This effect stacks up to 6 times.
Relentless Pursuit	Relentless Pursuit
Lucian dashes a short distance. Relentless Pursuit's cooldown is reduced by 1 second per Lightslinger (passive) hit, doubles against enemy champions (2 second reduction per hit, 4 seconds total for a full passive proc).
Remove Scurvy	Remove Scurvy
Gangplank consumes a large quantity of citrus fruit which removes all crowd control effects on him and heals him based on his missing Health.
Rend	Rend
Passive: Kalista's basic attacks and Pierce leave a spear lodged in her target for 4 seconds. There is no cap on the number of spears Kalista can lodge in her target. This passive is unavailable while Rend is on cooldown. Active: Kalista rips all spears from nearby enemies, dealing physical damage and slowing them for 2 seconds. Rend's damage is increased by a percentage for every spear beyond the first that Kalista ripped from them. If Rend scores a kill, the cooldown is refreshed.
Renewal	Renewal
Focused Resolve deals bonus damage, and heals Karma for 20% (+1% per 100 ability power) of her missing health immediately, and heals Karma for 20% (+1% per 100 ability power) of her missing health if the leash remains unbroken.
Requiem	Requiem
After channeling for 3 seconds, Karthus deals damage to all enemy champions.
Resolute Smite	Resolute Smite
Galio fires a concussive blast from his eyes, slowing and dealing damage to enemies caught near the impact point.
Resonating Strike	Resonating Strike
Lee Sin dashes to the enemy hit by Sonic Wave, dealing {50/80/110/140/170} (+0.9 per bonus attack damage) physical damage plus 8% of their missing health as physical damage.
Rewind	Rewind
Zilean can prepare himself for future confrontations, reducing the cooldowns of his Time Bomb and Time Warp.
Ricochet	Ricochet
Sivir's next 3 basic attacks bounce to nearby enemies, dealing a percentage of her attack damage to each additional enemy hit. Enemies can only be hit once but there is no limit on how many targets can be hit per attack.
Riftwalk	Riftwalk
Kassadin teleports to a nearby location dealing damage to nearby enemy units. Additionally, multiple Riftwalks in a short period of time cause them to cost additional mana and deal additional damage. The cost and damage can stack up to 4 times.
Righteous Fury	Righteous Fury
Passive: Kayle's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage on hit. Active: Kayle harnesses her righteous fury to increase her attack range by 400 for 10 seconds. These attacks splash, dealing additional magic damage to her target with nearby units take a percent of her attack damage plus magic damage. This splash damage does not affect turrets.
Righteous Gust	Righteous Gust
Galio unleashes a gust of concussive wind that deals magic damage to all enemies in its path. A directional draft remains for 5 seconds, increasing the movement speed of allies passing through it.
Ring of Frost	Ring of Frost
Freezes an area around Lissandra, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies and rooting them.
Riposte	Riposte
Fiora enters a defensive stance, parrying all damage, debuffs, and hard crowd control abilities for a fraction of a second. After she's done parrying, Fiora attacks in a target direction, dealing magic damage to all enemies in a line while slowing the movement and attack speed of the first enemy champion she strikes. If Fiora parries at least one immobilizing effect, Riposte stuns the target instead.
Riptide	Riptide
Nautilus slams the ground, causing the earth to ripple out in waves. Each wave deals damage and slows the targets hit. This slow decays over time. Multiple waves that hit the same target deal reduced damage.
Rise of the Thorns	Rise of the Thorns
Upon dying, Zyra transforms into a vengeful plant that fires one last shot before expiring.
Rising Spell Force	Rising Spell Force
Hitting a target with any of Ezreal's abilities increases his attack speed by 10% for 6 seconds, stacking up to 5 times.
Rite of the Arcane	Rite of the Arcane
ACTIVE: Xerath anchors himself to his current location for up to 10 seconds. While anchored, Xerath is immune to displacement effects and gains the ability to cast Arcane Barrage up to three times but cannot cast his other abilities. Rite of the Arcane can be cancelled early by moving or attacking and will automatically end once Arcane Barrage has been cast 3 times. If Rite of the Arcane ends without using a single cast of Arcane Barrage, the cooldown is reduced by 50%. ARCANE BARRAGE - ACTIVE: Xerath calls down a blast of arcane energy, which strikes after a 0.5 second delay dealing magic damage to enemies within a moderate area.
Roar of the Slayer	Roar of the Slayer
Sion bellows in the target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy he hits, as well as slowing it and reducing its armor by 20% for 2.5 seconds. If the target is not a champion, it will be knocked back - dealing increased damage to all enemies it passes through and slowing them by the same amount for 2.5 seconds. Minions and monsters cannot be knocked through terrain.
Rocket Grab	Rocket Grab
Blitzcrank fires his right hand at a straight line to the target area. If the hand encounters an enemy unit, it will grant vision of the unit, stun them, deal magic damage, and pull the enemy unit to him.
Rocket Jump	Rocket Jump
Tristana fires at the ground to propel herself to a distant location, dealing damage and slowing surrounding units where she lands. Rocket Jump's cooldown resets on kill or assist or whenever Explosive Charge detonates at maximum stacks on champions.
Rolling Thunder	Rolling Thunder
Volibear drops to all fours and runs faster if chasing an enemy champion. The first enemy he attacks is knocked into the air and flung (300 units) behind Volibear.
Rune Prison	Rune Prison
Ryze traps target enemy unit in a cage of runes, preventing them from moving and dealing damage for the duration.
Runic Blade	Runic Blade
Riven's abilities charge her blade for 5 seconds, causing her to do 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 / 45 / 50 % of her total attack damage as bonus physical damage on her next basic attack. Riven can store up to 3 charges, and can only expend one at a time.
Runic Skin	Runic Skin
Galio receives 50% of his total magic resistance as additional ability power.
Rupture	Rupture
Ruptures the ground at target location, popping enemy units into the air, dealing damage and slowing them.
Ruthless Predator	Ruthless Predator
Renektons next attack gains bonus range and will swing twice, dealing physical damage and stunning his target. Each hit applies on-hit effects. If Renekton attacks an enemy champion, he gains 10 Fury. When Renekton has more than 50 Fury, his next attack will swing three times dealing physical damage and stunning his target.
Sadism	Sadism
Dr. Mundo regenerates a portion of his max Health over 12 seconds. Additionally, he gains extra movement speed for the duration.
Safeguard	Safeguard
Lee Sin rushes towards a target ally, shielding him (if his target is an allied champion) for {40/80/120/160/200} {0.8} for the next 2 seconds. After using Safeguard, Lee Sin can cast Iron Will for the next 3 seconds. When Lee Sin uses Safeguard on himself or another champion, the cooldown of this spell is reduced.
Safeguard / Iron Will	Safeguard / Iron Will
Safeguard: Lee Sin rushes towards a target ally, shielding him (and his target if it is a champion) from damage. If a shield is broken, half the energy cost is returned. After using Safeguard, Lee Sin can cast Iron Will for the next 3 seconds. Iron Will: Lee Sin's intense training allows him to thrive in battle. For 5 seconds, Lee Sin gains lifesteal, spell vamp, and armor.
Salvation	Salvation
Soraka gains movement speed when moving towards allied champions below 40% of their maximum health who are outside of Astral Infusion's range.
Sanguine Pool	Sanguine Pool
Vladimir sinks into a pool of blood becoming untargetable for 1.5 seconds. Additionally, enemies on the pool are slowed and Vladimir siphons life from them.
Sap Magic	Sap Magic
Each time a champion near Maokai casts a spell, he gains a charge of Magical Sap. When he has 5 charges, Maokai's next melee attack drains energy from his target, healing him for a percentage of his maximum HP.
Sapling Toss	Sapling Toss
Maokai hurls a sapling, dealing damage on impact. The sapling becomes implanted in the ground, warding a nearby area. When enemies approach, the sapling attacks, exploding in an arcane blast that damages and slows enemies.
Satchel Charge	Satchel Charge
Ziggs flings an explosive charge that detonates after 4 seconds, or when this ability is activated again. The explosion deals magic damage to enemies, knocking them away. Ziggs is also knocked away, but takes no damage.
Savagery	Savagery
Rengar's next basic attack deals bonus damage. Ferocity Bonus: Rengar deals enhanced damage. Besides that his Attack Speed and Attack Damage increases.
Scatter the Weak	Scatter the Weak
Deals magic damage in a cone and knocks enemies away based on how close they are to Syndra. Dark spheres within the area-of-effect are also knocked back, dealing magic damage and stunning enemies in their path.
Scrap Shield	Scrap Shield
Rumble creates a shield blocking incoming damage, in addition Rumble receives a short movement speed boost. While in the "Danger Zone", the shields strength and movement speed boost are increased.
Sear	Sear
Brand launches a ball of fire forward that deals magic damage. If the target is ablaze, the target will be stunned for 2 seconds.
Seastone Trident	Seastone Trident
Passive: Fizz's attacks rend his target, dealing additional magic damage over time that is increased based on a percentage of the target's missing health. Active: Fizz's attacks are empowered for 5 seconds.
Seismic Shard	Seismic Shard
Using his primal elemental magic, Malphite sends a shard of the earth through the ground at his foe, dealing damage upon impact and stealing movement speed for 4 seconds.
Sentinel	Sentinel
Passive - Soul-Marked: If Kalista and her Oathsworn ally attack the same target within 2 seconds of each other, the target will take additional magic damage equal to a percentage of their maximum health. This effect cannot occur on the same target for 10 seconds. Damage is capped against minions and monsters. Active: Kalista commands a soul sentinel to the target location within range, gaining sight in a ~450-length cone in front of it. The sentinel's sight is obstructed by terrain and brush. Upon reaching the target location, it will return to a point within ~1400 units of cast location. The sentinel will perform a total of 7 laps, including the first two lengths. The sentinel is vulnerable from behind and will die if attacked twice by an enemy champion or once by a tower. If the sentinel spots an enemy champion it will scream and stalk them for the next 4 seconds, revealing them for the duration. Kalista stores a charge of Sentinel every few seconds, and can store up to 2 charges.
Shadow Assault	Shadow Assault
Talon disperses a ring of blades outwards and gains stealth for up to 2.5 seconds while gaining 40% movement speed. When Talon emerges from stealth, the blades converge on his location. Each time a blade passes through an enemy, they receive physical damage. Each enemy can only be damaged once at the start of the ability and once at the end.
Shadow Dance	Shadow Dance
Akali moves through shadows to quickly strike her target, dealing damage and consuming an Essence of Shadow charge. Akali recharges Essence of Shadow charges both periodically and upon kills and assists, max 3 stacks.
Shadow Dash	Shadow Dash
Shen dashes rapidly toward a target location, taunting enemy champions he encounters.
Shadow Slash	Shadow Slash
Active: Zed and his shadows create a burst of shadow, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies. Zed's slash reduces the cooldown of Living Shadow by 2 seconds for each enemy champion struck. His shadows' slashes slow enemies for 1.5 seconds. Living Shadow: Overlapping Shadow Slashes striking the same enemy deal no additional damage but will incur an increased slow and restore energy.
Shadow Walk	Shadow Walk
Evelynn stealths into the shadows only being seen by nearby enemy champions or true sight. While stealthed, Evelynn regenerates 2% of her maximum mana every second. Casting spells, taking damage or dealing damage reveals Evelynn for 6/5/4/3 seconds. This cooldown is reduced every 5 levels.
Shatter	Shatter
Taric is protected by a hardening aura, increasing the Armor of himself and nearby allied champions. He may choose to splinter the enchanted rocks surrounding him to deal damage and decrease the Armor of nearby enemies at the cost of some Armor for a short time.
Shield of Daybreak	Shield of Daybreak
Leona's next basic attack will deal additional magic damage and stun the target.
Shifting Sands	Shifting Sands
Azir dashes to one of his Sand Soldiers, dealing magic damage to enemies he passes through. If Azir hits an enemy champion, he will stop and gain a temporary shield.
Shock Blast	Shock Blast
Jayce fires an orb of electricity that detonates upon hitting an enemy (or reaching the end of its path), dealing physical damage to all enemies in the area of the explosion. If fired through an Acceleration Gate, Shock Blast's damage, range, speed, and explosion radius are increased by 40%.
Shocking Orb	Shocking Orb
Xerath fires a orb of energy forward in a line that detonates on striking an enemy, dealing magic damage and stunning them for between 0.75 and 1.75 seconds. The stun duration is longer the further the Shocking Orb has travelled.
Short Fuse	Short Fuse
Every 12 seconds, Ziggs' next basic attack deals bonus magic damage. This cooldown is reduced whenever Ziggs uses an ability. Short Fuse deals bonus damage to enemy structures.
Shroud of Darkness	Shroud of Darkness
Nocturne empowers his blades, passively gaining attack speed. Activating Shroud of Darkness allows Nocturne to fade into the shadows, creating a magical barrier which blocks a single enemy spell and doubles his passive attack speed if successful.
Shunpo	Shunpo
Katarina instantly moves to her target's location, appearing behind it and taking reduced damage for 3 seconds. If the target is an enemy, she deals damage.
Shurima's Legacy	Shurima's Legacy
Disc of the Sun: Azir places a marker above the ruins of destroyed turrets (both allied and enemy). Once within 400 units of the ruins, Azir can click on the marker to conjure a Sun Disc, which functions like a standard turret but grants Azir any gold it earns. A Sun Disc's health decays over 1 minute and will lose its armor if Azir dies or moves too far away. Azir cannot conjure Sun Discs within the enemy base.
Sigil of Malice	Sigil of Malice
LeBlanc projects an orb towards her target, dealing magic damage and marking the target for 3.5 seconds. If the target takes damage from one of Leblanc's abilities, the mark will trigger and deal additional damage.
Silver Bolts	Silver Bolts
Vayne tips her bolts with a rare metal, toxic to evil things. The third consecutive attack or ability against the same target will deal additional damage plus a percentage of the target's maximum health as bonus true damage. (Max damage vs. monsters is capped at 200)
Sinister Steel	Sinister Steel
Katarina whirls her daggers around her, dealing magic damage to all enemies in the area. If she hits an enemy champion, Katarina gains Movement Speed for 1 second.
Siphon of Destruction	Siphon of Destruction
Mordekaiser damages enemies in a cone in front of him, dealing magic damage. For each champion hit, Siphon of Destruction also generates a percentage of Iron Man's maximum shield.
Siphon Power	Siphon Power
Viktor blasts an enemy unit, dealing magic damage and granting a shield for 2.5 seconds. Viktor's next basic attack is converted into magic damage. AUGMENT- TURBOCHARGE: Viktor gains 30% movement speed for 2.5 seconds after using Siphon Power.
Siphoning Strike	Siphoning Strike
Nasus strikes his foe, dealing bonus damage and increasing the power of his future Siphoning Strikes if he slays his target.
Skittering Frenzy	Skittering Frenzy
Elise and her Spiderlings passively gain Attack Speed. On activation, the Attack Speed of Elise and her Spiderlings is increased for 3 seconds.
Skystrike	Skystrike
Quinn performs Skystrike as Valor leaves, dealing physical damage to all enemies in a large area.
Slice and Dice	Slice and Dice
Slice: Renekton dashes forward, dealing physical damage to targets along the way. If he hits a target he gains the ability to use Dice. Dice: Renekton dashes, dealing physical damage along the way. For each champion hit, Renekton gains 10 Fury while all other grant 2.5 Fury instead. When Renekton has more than 50 Fury during Dice, he deals 50% additional damage and shreds the armor of targets he hits. Consumes 50 Fury.
Slicing Maelstrom	Slicing Maelstrom
Kennen summons a magical storm that deals magic damage to a random enemy champion near Kennen every few seconds. The storm hits several times, increasing with level, and cannot hit the same target more than 3 times. A Mark of the Storm is applied to enemies each time they are hit.
Smoke Screen	Smoke Screen
Graves fires a smoke canister at the target area that deals damage and creates a cloud of smoke. Enemies inside the smoke cloud have reduced sight range and movement speed.
Solar Flare	Solar Flare
After a brief delay, Leona calls down a beam of solar energy dealing magic damage and slowing enemies. Enemies in the center of the beam are stunned instead of slowed.
Song of Celerity	Song of Celerity
Active: Sona gains burst of movement speed that decays down to the aura bonus over 3 seconds. The movement speed bonus is increased by an additional 2% for each rank in Crescendo. Aura: Allied champions tagged with Song of Celerity's aura gain movement speed for 1.5 seconds. The movement speed bonus is increased by an additional 2% for each rank in Crescendo. Power Chord - Tempo: If this spell was last cast when Power Chord is ready, Power Chord will also slow the target for 2 seconds.
Sonic Wave	Sonic Wave
Lee Sin projects a discordant wave of sound to locate his enemies, dealing {50/80/110/140/170} (+0.9 per bonus attack damage) physical damage to the first enemy it encounters and revealing them for 3 seconds. If Sonic Wave hits, Lee Sin can cast Resonating Strike within the next 3 seconds.
Sonic Wave / Resonating Strike	Sonic Wave / Resonating Strike
Sonic Wave: Lee Sin projects a discordant wave of sound to locate his enemies, dealing physical damage to the first enemy it encounters and revealing them for 3 seconds. If Sonic Wave hits, Lee Sin can cast Resonating Strike within the next 3 seconds. Resonating Strike: Lee Sin dashes to the enemy hit by Sonic Wave, dealing physical damage plus 8% of their missing health.
Soul Eater	Soul Eater
Nasus drains his foe's spiritual energy, giving him natural lifesteal.
Soul Furnace	Soul Furnace
Passive: Sion permanently gains 2 bonus health whenever he kills a unit, increased to 10 against large units and champion kills and assists. Active: Sion surrounds himself with a shield that absorbs damage for up to 6 seconds. After 3 seconds, Soul Furnace can be recast to detonate the shield if it hasn't been destroyed, dealing magic damage to all nearby enemies. Bonus damage from the target's maximum health is capped at 400 against minions and monsters. The shield will detonate automatically if it persists for the full 6 seconds. Soul Furnace can be activated and detonated while using any of his abilities.
Soul Shackles	Soul Shackles
Latches chains of energy onto nearby enemy champions, dealing initial damage to them and slowing their move speed by 20%, and then echoing the pain 4 seconds later and stunning them if they remain close to Morgana.
Soul Siphon	Soul Siphon
Morgana has Spell Vamp, healing herself whenever she deals damage with her spells.
Soulflare	Soulflare
Inner Flame deals bonus magic damage and leaves a ??-diameter AoE that slows enemies inside by 50%. After 1.5 seconds the area detonates, damaging enemies inside. If Inner Flame does not strike a target, the area is created at maximum range.
Spear Shot	Spear Shot
Pantheon hurls his spear at an opponent, dealing damage plus a percent of his attack in physical damage.
Spell Flux	Spell Flux
Ryze unleashes an orb that deals magic damage and reduces the Magic Resist of targets hit by a percentage, stacking up to 3 times. After hitting, Spell Flux bounces to nearby enemies and Ryze (up to a total of 6 secondary targets) before returning to the original target, dealing additional magic damage.
Spell Shield	Spell Shield
Creates a magical barrier which blocks a single enemy ability used on Sivir.
Spider Form	Spider Form
Elise transforms into a menacing spider with new abilities. While in Spider Form, Elise deals bonus magic damage, heals herself on attack and has increased Movement Speed.
Spider Form / Human Form	Spider Form / Human Form
Spider Form: Elise transforms into a menacing spider with new abilities. While in Spider Form, Elise deals bonus magic damage, heals herself on attack and has increased Movement Speed. Human Form: Elise transforms into a human form with new abilities. Each level of her ultimate allows Elise to summon an additional spiderling.
Spider Swarm	Spider Swarm
Human Form: Elises Human Form spells will ready a spiderling when cast on an enemy. Spider Form: Elise summons her spiderlings to fight by her side. Spiderlings deal physical damage and take reduced damage from multi-target abilities.
Spiked Shell	Spiked Shell
Rammus gains additional damage as his shell becomes reinforced, converting 25% of his armor into damage.
Spinning Axe	Spinning Axe
Draven's next attack will deal bonus physical damage. This axe will ricochet off the target high up into the air. If Draven catches it, he automatically readies another Spinning Axe. Draven can have two Spinning Axes at once.
Spinning Slash	Spinning Slash
Tryndamere slices toward a target unit, dealing damage to enemies in his path.
Spirit Fire	Spirit Fire
Nasus unleashes a delayed spirit flame at a location, dealing damage and reducing the armor of enemies who stand on it.
Spirit of Dread	Spirit of Dread
Hecarim deals magic damage to nearby enemies for a short duration. Hecarim gains health equal to a percentage of any damage those enemies suffer.
Spirit Rush	Spirit Rush
Ahri dashes forward and fires essence bolts, damaging 3 nearby champions. Spirit Rush can be cast up to three times before going on cooldown.
Stacked Deck	Stacked Deck
Every 4 attacks, Twisted Fate deals bonus damage. In addition, his attack speed is increased.
Staggering Blow	Staggering Blow
Nautilus's first basic attack against a target deals bonus physical damage and immobilizes the opponent briefly. Staggering Blow cannot trigger on the same target more until the timer has worn off.
Stand Aside	Stand Aside
Draven deals physical damage by throwing his axes, knocking aside and slowing his targets.
Stand Behind Me	Stand Behind Me
Braum leaps to the aid of a nearby ally, positioning himself between his target and their nearest enemy champion. On arrival, Braum and the ally gain both bonus armor and magic resist for 3 seconds.
Stand United	Stand United
Shen shields a target ally from incoming damage, and soon after teleports to their location.
Starcall	Starcall
Soraka calls down a star at a target location. Enemies standing at the point of impact take magic damage. Starcall takes more time to fall the farther the ability is cast. Enemies standing in the center take 50% increased damage and are slowed for 2 seconds.
Static Field	Static Field
Passively causes lightning bolts to damage a nearby enemy. Additionally, Blitzcrank can activate this ability to damage nearby enemies and silences for 0.5 seconds, but doing so removes the passive lightning until Static Field becomes available again.
Steadfast Presence	Steadfast Presence
Passive: Poppy's total armor and magic resistance are increased by 12%. This effect is doubled to 24% while Poppy is below 40% of her maximum Health. Active: Poppy gains bonus movement speed for 2.5 seconds and generates a barrier around her for the duration, causing all enemies who dash within to be knocked down and take magic damage. This can only happen once per enemy champion.
Steel Tempest	Steel Tempest
Yasuo thrusts forward with his sword, damaging all enemies in a line. Successfully landing Steel Tempest grants Yasuo Gathering Storm stacks for a short period. The third stack of Gathering Storm causes Steel Tempest to send out a whirlwind that travels in a line and sends all enemies caught Airborne. If Yasuo casts Steel Tempest during Sweeping Blade, the ability strikes all enemies immediately around him.
Stone Skin	Stone Skin
Wukong's armor and magic resistance are increased for each nearby enemy champion.
Stranglethorns	Stranglethorns
Zyra summons a twisted thicket at her target location, dealing damage to enemies as it expands and knocking them airborne as it contracts. Plants in the area are enraged, increasing their Attack Speed.
Stretching Strike	Stretching Strike
Zac lashes out with an elastic punch, dealing magic damage to all enemies hit and slowing them for 2 seconds.
Strut	Strut
Miss Fortune gains a stacking movement speed buff out of combat. Activating Strut grants the maximum speed bonus and increases Miss Fortune's attack speed for a few seconds.
Subjugate	Subjugate
Trundle immediately steals a percentage of his target's health, armor and magic resistance. Over the next 4 seconds the amount of health, armor, and magic resistance stolen is doubled.
Summon Voidling	Summon Voidling
After casting 4 spells, Malzahar summons an uncontrollable Voidling to engage enemy units for 21 seconds. Voidlings have 200 + 50 x lvl Health and 20 + 5 x lvl Damage. Voidlings Grow after 7 seconds (+50% Damage/Armor), and Frenzy after 14 seconds (+100% Attack Speed). Voidlings attack the target affected by Malzahar's most recently cast Malefic Visions.
Summon: Tibbers	Summon: Tibbers
Annie wills her bear Tibbers to life, dealing damage to units in the area. Tibbers can attack and also burns enemies that stand near him. If Annie casts Molten Shield while Tibbers is alive, he gains bonus movement speed. Additionally, he gains the same bonuses as Annie from Molten Shield.
Sunlight	Sunlight
Leona's damaging spells affect the target with Sunlight for 3.5 seconds. When allied champions deal damage to those targets they consume the Sunlight debuff to deal {20/35/50/65/80/95/110/125/140} additional magic damage. Leona is unable to activate the additional damage herself.
Super Mega Death Rocket!	Super Mega Death Rocket!
Jinx fires a rocket that gains damage over the first second it travels. It explodes on the first enemy champion hit, dealing Physical Damage plus a percentage of the target's missing health. Nearby enemies take 80% damage.
Surging Tides	Surging Tides
When Nami's abilities hit allied champions they gain movement speed for a short duration. This effect is doubled for allies hit by Tidal Wave.
Sweeping Blade	Sweeping Blade
Yasuo dashes a fixed distance through an enemy, dealing damage and marking them briefly. If Yasuo uses Sweeping Blade multiple times in succession, the ability deals extra damage up to a cap. Yasuo cannot use Sweeping Blade on an enemy that's already been marked.
Swipe	Swipe
Nidalee rapidly claws enemies in front of her dealing magic damage.
Switcheroo!	Switcheroo!
TOGGLE OFFPOW-POW, THE MINIGUN: Jinx gains bonus attack speed for using Pow-Pow, the Minigun. Additionally, Jinx's basic attacks grant extra bonus attack speed for 2.5 seconds, stacking up to 3 times. The stacks decay one at a time when she stops attacking. If Jinx switches to her Rocket Launcher, she will lose all stacks after her first attack. TOGGLE ONFISHBONES, THE ROCKET LAUNCHER: Jinx gains bonus attack range and deals bonus damage equal to 10% AD on her attacks, at the cost of mana per attack. Additionally, her attacks will splash to nearby enemies - dealing full damage to all enemies hit. Jinx loses 15% total attack speed while using Fishbones.
Tailwind	Tailwind
Increases the movement speed of all nearby allied champions by 8% while they are moving toward Janna.
Takedown	Takedown
Nidalee's next basic attack deals bonus damage which deals higher damage the lower the enemy is and gains +75 range. If the enemy is Hunted, Takedown will deal increased damage.
Tantrum	Tantrum
Permamently reduces the physical damage Amumu would take. Amumu can unleash his rage, dealing damage to surrounding enemies. Each time Amumu is hit, the cooldown on tantrum is reduced by 0.5 seconds.
Taste Their Fear	Taste Their Fear
Deal physical damage to a single target. Damage against isolated targets is significantly increased. Kha'Zix passively marks enemies that are isolated from nearby allies. Evolving claws increases damage to isolated targets even further. Kha'Zix also gains increased range on both Taste Their Fear and his basic attack.
Techmaturgical Repair Bots	Techmaturgical Repair Bots
Heimerdinger grants nearby allied H-28G Evolution Turrets and nearby allied champions 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 health regeneration per 5 seconds.
Tectonic Disruption	Tectonic Disruption
After a brief delay, VelKoz disrupts a nearby area, damaging and launching all enemies caught into the air. Enemies hit that are close to VelKoz are also knocked back slightly.
Tempered Fate	Tempered Fate
After a brief delay, Bard places all units in a targeted area - friend or foe, including champions, minions, monsters and turrets - in stasis for 2.5 seconds, making them untargetable and invulnerable but also unable to perform any action.
Tempest	Tempest
Lee Sin smashes the ground sending out a shockwave that deals {60/95/130/165/200} (+1.0 per bonus attack damage) magic damage and reveals enemy units hit for 4 seconds. If Tempest hits an enemy, Lee Sin can cast cripple for the next 3 seconds.
Tempest / Cripple	Tempest / Cripple
Tempest: Lee Sin smashes the ground sending out a shockwave that deals magic damage and reveals enemy units hit for 4 seconds. If Tempest hits an enemy, Lee Sin can cast Cripple for the next 3 seconds. Cripple: Lee Sin cripples nearby enemies revealed by Tempest, reducing their Movement Speed for 4 seconds. Movement Speed recovers gradually over the duration.
Tentacle Smash	Tentacle Smash
Passive: Tentacles that hit enemy champions heal Illaoi for a small portion of her missing health. Active: Illaoi summons a tentacle that slams down in a target direction, damaging all enemies struck.
Terrify	Terrify
Strikes a target unit with fear, preventing it from taking any actions and causing it to run away from Fiddlesticks with impaired movement.
Terror Capacitor	Terror Capacitor
Urgot charges up his capacitor to gain a shield. While the shield is active, Urgot gains slowing attacks.
Test of Spirit	Test of Spirit
Illaoi hurls a tendril forward in a line that stops at the first enemy hit. If the enemy was a champion, the tendril pulls their Spirit from them and places it before her. The Spirit is connected to the target by a tether. The Spirit has 100% of their current Health and lasts for 10 seconds (reduced by 1 second each time Illaoi receives damage from the target champion). Over the duration, the Spirit can be attacked by Illaoi and her allies. A percentage of the damage dealt to the Spirit is also dealt to the target. The tether will be severed if the Spirit is killed or when the target moves too far away, slowing the target enemy by 80% (decays over 2 seconds), and marking them as a Vessel, causing them to spawn a Tentacle every 10 seconds for the next 60 seconds. If the Vessel kills 3 Tentacles, they are freed from their curse.
The Box	The Box
Creates a prison of walls around Thresh, dealing magic damage and drastically slowing enemy who collide with the first wall. Opponents colliding other walls will only be slowed for half the duration.
The Culling	The Culling
Lucian starts firing shots in the target direction for 3 seconds, each shot damaging the first enemy it hits. The Culling is considered a channeled ability and it can be interrupted, but Lucian can move freely (including movement abilities) without interrupting it himself. Reactivate The Culling to cancel the ability early. The Culling deals triple damage to minions but not monsters.
The Equalizer	The Equalizer
Rumble calls down a line of rockets over the target linear location, it uses click and drag targeting. The rockets deal initial magic damage to all enemies hit on arrival, and also leave a trail of destruction that slows and deals magic damage to all enemies standing on the area. This ability does not generate heat.
Thick Skin	Thick Skin
Passive: All damage Tahm Kench takes is turned into grey health. Once he leaves combat, the grey health falls off, healing him for a portion of the amount of grey health he has earned. This passive is unavailable while Thick Skin is on cooldown. Active: Tahm Kench converts his grey health into a shield that decays over 6 seconds.
Three Talon Strike	Three Talon Strike
Xin Zhao's next 3 standard attacks deal increased damage, with the third attack knocking an opponent into the air.
Thrill of the Hunt	Thrill of the Hunt
Rengar activates his predatory instincts, stealthing and revealing all enemy champions in a large radius around him. He gains Movement Speed and rapidly generates Ferocity while stealthed. After Rengar breaks his stealth, he continues to gain some movement speed and ferocity for a few seconds.
Thunder Claws	Thunder Claws
Volibear deals magic damage to up to 4 nearby enemies. For the next 12 seconds, Volibear's autoattacks will blast his target with lightning that will bounce to up to 3 nearby enemies, dealing the same damage as bonus magic damage to all targets it hits.
Thundering Blow	Thundering Blow
Jayce deals magic damage to an enemy based on their maximum health and knocks them back a short distance.
Thundering Blow / Acceleration Gate	Thundering Blow / Acceleration Gate
Thundering Blow: Jayce deals magic damage to an enemy based on their maximum health and knocks them back a short distance. Acceleration Gate: Jayce deploys an Acceleration Gate increasing the movement speed of all allies who pass through it. If Shock Blast is fired through the gate the missile speed, range, and damage will increase.
Thundering Shuriken	Thundering Shuriken
Kennen throws a fast moving shuriken towards a location, causing damage and adding a Mark of the Storm to any opponent that it hits.
Tidal Wave	Tidal Wave
Summons a Tidal Wave outward from Nami's position. The Tidal Wave briefly knocks up enemies that it comes in contact with, slowing them and dealing magic damage. The slow duration increases based on how far the Tidal Wave has traveled, with a minimum duration of 2 seconds and a maximum of 4 seconds.
Tidecaller's Blessing	Tidecaller's Blessing
Empowers an allied champion for 5 seconds or until they have attacked 3 times. During this time, their basic attacks deal bonus magic damage and slow the target hit for a short duration.
Tides of Blood	Tides of Blood
Vladimir unleashes a torrent of blood, damaging surrounding enemies. Additionally, multiple Tides of Blood in a short period of time cause them to cost additional health and deal additional damage, and increases his healing and regeneration by 8%.
Tiger Stance	Tiger Stance
Tiger Stance: Activation - Udyr's next attack will deal a high amount of damage over 2 seconds, and Udyr's attack speed is increased for a few seconds. Persistent Effect - Basic attacks deal a percentage of his total attack damage as bonus physical damage on hit.
Time Bomb	Time Bomb
Zilean tosses a time-delayed bomb to a location, which then sticks to the first unit that comes within a small area around it (prioritizes champions). After a short duration, the bomb detonates, dealing magic damage to all surrounding enemies. Placing two bombs on a unit detonates the first bomb early, stunning all enemies in the blast for a short duration.
Time in a Bottle	Time in a Bottle
Zilean bottles experience over time. When he has enough experience stored to finish an ally's level, he can right-click them to give both himself and his ally the amount stored. Time in a Bottle cannot be used in combat.
Time Warp	Time Warp
Zilean bends time around any unit, decreasing an enemies movement speed or increasing an allied units movement speed for a short time.
Timewinder	Timewinder
Ekko throws a device in a target direction, dealing magic damage to all enemies along its path. At maximum range or if it hits an enemy champion, the device slows to a stop and expands, creating a slowing field. After a short delay, the device contracts and rushes back to Ekko, dealing additional magic damage to all enemies along its path.
Titan's Wrath	Titan's Wrath
Nautilus places a shield on himself that absorbs additional damage based on his maximum health. While the shield is active, Nautilus' attacks deal damage over time to units around him.
To The Skies!	To The Skies!
Jayce leaps to an enemy, dealing physical damage and slowing enemies for a short duration.
To The Skies! / Shock Blast	To The Skies! / Shock Blast
To The Skies!: Jayce leaps to an enemy, dealing physical damage and slowing enemies for a short duration. Shock Blast: Jayce fires an orb of electricity that detonates upon hitting an enemy (or reaching the end of its path), dealing physical damage to all enemies in the area of the explosion. If fired through an Acceleration Gate, Shock Blast's damage, range, speed, and explosion radius are increased by 40%.
Tongue Lash	Tongue Lash
Tahm Kench roots himself briefly while launching his tongue in a target direction. Tongue Lash stops once it hits a target, damaging and slowing whatever he hits. If Tahm Kench slathers an enemy champion with three stacks of An Acquired Taste and then hits them with Tongue Lash, he stuns them for a short duration instead.
Torment	Torment
Swain afflicts his target, dealing damage to them over time and causing them to take increased damage from Swain's attacks for 4 seconds. Damage increase applies to summoner spells and items used by Swain.
Tormented Soil	Tormented Soil
Infects an area with desecrated soil, causing enemy units who stand on the location to take continual damage.
Toxic Shot	Toxic Shot
Passive: Each time Teemo attacks to an enemy, he will poison the target, dealing damage on hit and each second for 4 seconds. The duration of this poison will be refreshed with every subsequent attack, but the damage does not stack.
Trample	Trample
Each time Alistar casts a spell, he Tramples nearby units for a few seconds, dealing damage to units he walks over.
Transcendent	Transcendent
Each of Syndra's normal abilities gain an extra effect at max rank. Dark Sphere: Spheres deal bonus damage to champions. Force of Will: Increases the slowing duration. Scatter the Weak: Cone width increases.
Transcendent Blades	Transcendent Blades
Irelia summons four spirit blades which she can fling at her enemies. These blades deal physical damage to enemies that they pass through, siphoning life from them and healing Irelia.
Transfusion	Transfusion
Vladimir drains life from his target.
Traveler's Call	Traveler's Call
Ancient Chimes: Bard's presence causes sacred chimes to appear on the Fields of Justice, which linger for up to 10 minutes. Collecting a chime grants Bard a brief burst of movement speed, experience, and mana. Every 5 chimes Bard collects empower his meeps. Meeps: Bard's presence attracts small spirits known as meeps to his side. Whenever Bard attacks, a meep throws itself at his target, dealing extra damage before disappearing back to the spirit world. As Bard collects more chimes, the meeps that follow him grow in both number and power.
Tremors	Tremors
Rammus creates waves of destruction pulsing through the ground, causing damage to units and structures near him.
Trial By Fire	Trial By Fire
Every several seconds, Gangplank's next melee attack ignites the target, dealing bonus true damage over time and granting a brief burst of movement speed. Destroying a Powder Keg instantly refreshes Trial by Fire.
Triumphant Roar	Triumphant Roar
Alistar lets out a commanding war cry, instantly restoring health to himself and nearby friendly units for half the amount. Can be cast more often if nearby enemies are dying.
Trueshot Barrage	Trueshot Barrage
Ezreal channels for 1 second to fire a powerful barrage of energy missiles that deal damage to each enemy unit they pass through. However, it deals 8% less damage for each unit it hits (30% minimum damage).
Tumble	Tumble
Vayne tumbles, maneuvering to carefully place her next shot. She rolls toward the cursor and her next attack deals bonus damage.
Tunnel	Tunnel
Rek'Sai digs in the direction she is currently facing, leaving behind two connected Tunnel Entrances. Rek'Sai can interact with either entrances of a tunnel to traverse it. Rek'Sai cannot traverse the same tunnel again for a few seconds. Rek'Sai's tunnels last for up to 10 minutes and can have up to 8 pairs of Tunnel Entrances active on the map at the same time. Enemy champions can destroy a tunnel by standing on either entrance for 1.5 seconds. Destroying a tunnel once Rek'Sai is already enroute will not hinder her.
Turtle Stance	Turtle Stance
Turtle Stance: Activation - Udyr gains a temporary shield that absorbs damage. Persistent Effect - Udyr's attacks cannot crit, but he restores his health and mana equivalent to a percentage of his damage dealt.
Twilight Shroud	Twilight Shroud
Akali throws down a cover of smoke which grants vision in the area of effect. While inside the area, Akali becomes stealthed. Attacking or using abilities will briefly reveal her. Every time Akali gets stealthed, she gains bonus movement speed for 1 second. Enemies inside the smoke have their movement speed reduced.
Twin Bite	Twin Bite
Shyvana strikes twice on her next attack. Both attacks trigger On-Hit effects and Fury of the Dragonborn effects. Dragon Form: Twin Bite cleaves all units in front of Shyvana.
Twin Disciplines	Twin Disciplines
Upon obtaining 19.5 ability power, Akali's hits deal 10% bonus magic damage, increasing by 1% for every 5 ability power gained thereafter. (Magic damage doesn't affect towers, but it affects other structures.) Upon obtaining 9.5 attack damage, Akali gains 10% Spell Vamp, increasing by an additional 1% for every 5 attack damage gained thereafter.
Twin Fang	Twin Fang
Cassiopeia deals magic damage to her target and adds a debuff which amplifies further poison damage dealt. This debuff stacks up to 2 times. If the target is already poisoned then Twin Fang's cooldown is reset on cast. If Twin Fang kills a unit, its mana cost plus 1.5 % of Cassiopeia's total mana is refunded.
Twisted Advance	Twisted Advance
Maokai dissolves into a cloud of arcane energies. He regrows near a target enemy, dealing damage and rooting it in place.
Two-Shiv Poison	Two-Shiv Poison
Shaco's Shivs passively poison targets on hit, slowing them. He can throw a Shivs to deal damage and slow the target.
Umbra Blades	Umbra Blades
Every 10 seconds, Nocturne's next attack strikes surrounding enemies for physical damage and heals himself for each target hit. Nocturne's physical attacks reduce this cooldown by 1 second.
Unbreakable	Unbreakable
Braum raises his shield, creating a barrier that intercepts all oncoming, hostile projectiles for the next few seconds. DURATION: 3 / 3.25 / 3.5 / 3.75 / 4 Braum takes no damage from the first projectile he intercepts and reduced damage from intercepted projectiles thereafter, and gains 10% movement speed for the duration.
Unbreakable Will	Unbreakable Will
Alistar lets out a wild roar, gaining bonus damage, removing all debuffs on himself, and reducing incoming physical and magical damage for the duration.
Unburrow	Unburrow
Rek'Sai bursts out into the open, knocking up all surrounding enemies for up to 1 second and dealing physical damage. Enemies cannot be affected again by Unburrow for a few seconds. Rek'Sai can attempt to basic attack enemies while burrowed to trigger Unburrow.
Undertow	Undertow
Olaf throws an axe into the ground at a target location, dealing damage to units it passes through and slowing their movement speed. If Olaf picks up the axe, the ability's cooldown is reduced by 4,5 seconds.
Undying Rage	Undying Rage
Tryndamere's lust for battle becomes so strong that he is unable to die, no matter how wounded he becomes.
Unholy Covenant	Unholy Covenant
Yorick's summoned ghouls deal 35% of Yoricks attack damage and have 35% of his total health. The Ghoul's health is reduced by 20% of their max health every second. In addition, Yorick takes 5% less damage and his attacks deal 5% more damage for each summon that is active.
Unleashed Power	Unleashed Power
Draws upon Syndra's full cataclysmic power, harnessing all active dark spheres to deal additional magic damage to an enemy champion.
Unseen Predator	Unseen Predator
While in brush or stealth, Rengar will leap at the target when using his basic attack. Rengar builds 1 Ferocity with each ability he uses on enemies. When reaching 5 Ferocity, Rengar's next ability becomes empowered, granting it a bonus effect.
Unseen Threat	Unseen Threat
When Kha'Zix is not visible to the enemy team, he gains Unseen Threat, causing his next basic attack against an enemy champion to deal bonus magic damage and slow.
Unspeakable Horror	Unspeakable Horror
Nocturne plants a nightmare into his target's mind, dealing damage each second and fearing the target if they do not get out of range by the end of the duration. Nocturne also gains massively increased movement speed when moving toward feared targets.
Unstable Matter	Unstable Matter
Zac's body erupts, dealing magic damage equal to a base amount plus a percentage of their maximum health to all nearby enemies (max 200 damage against minions and monsters). Picking up a chunklet reduces Unstable Matter's cooldown by one second. Hitting a jungle monster allows Zac to walk through them.
Unstoppable Force	Unstoppable Force
Malphite ferociously charges to a location, damaging enemies and knocking them into the air.
Unstoppable Onslaught	Unstoppable Onslaught
Sion charges in the target direction for up to 8 seconds, during which time he cannot cast abilities nor attack, but is immune to all crowd control effects. Sion's trajectory will update toward the mouse cursor over the duration, but his rotation speed is significantly slow. If Sion collides with an enemy champion or terrain, charges for the full 8 seconds, or recasts the ability, he will slam the ground with earth-shattering force, dealing physical damage and knocking up enemies nearby enemies, while slowing enemies further away. The damage and crowd control duration increase over the first few seconds of the charge, capping at 200% damage and 1.75 seconds respectively.
UPGRADE!!!	UPGRADE!!!
Heimerdinger empowers his next basic ability, also making it free to cast. Empowered abilities share the same cooldown as their basic form. Heimerdinger can activate UPGRADE!!! again after 3 seconds of activating it to cancel its effects. Canceling UPGRADE!!! puts it on a 3 second static cooldown. UPGRADE!!! will only go on cooldown if Heimerdinger used an empowered ability.
Urchin Strike	Urchin Strike
Fizz dashes through his target, dealing normal attack damage plus additional magic damage.
Valkyrie	Valkyrie
Corki surges to target location, dropping bombs that create a trail of destruction for opponents who remain in the fire. This ability is temporarily replaced with Special Delivery when Corki acquires The Package.
Valor	Valor
Riven dashes forward and gains a shield for 1.5 seconds.
Vault	Vault
Quinn dashes to an enemy, dealing damage and slowing them briefly. She then kicks back off her target, landing near her maximum attack range. Tag Team: Valor dashes to an enemy, damaging and slowing them for a brief time.
Vault Breaker	Vault Breaker
Charges a powerful punch that carries Vi forward. First Cast: Slows Vi's movement speed by 15% while increasing damage and dash range over 1.25 seconds. Second Cast: Vi dashes forward, dealing 50/80/110/140/170 (+) to 100/160/220/280/340 (+0.7) physical damage and applying Denting Blows to all enemies hit (deals 75% damage to minions and monsters). Stops upon colliding with an enemy champion, knocking it back.
Vengeful Maelstrom	Vengeful Maelstrom
Maokai shields his allies by drawing power from hostile spells and attacks, reducing non-tower damage done to allied champions in the area. Maokai can prolong the effect for 10 seconds, as long as he has mana to spend on it. When the effect ends, Maokai unleashes the absorbed energy to deal damage to enemies within the vortex.
Venom Cask	Venom Cask
Infects all nearby champions with Deadly Vemon, slowing their movement speed.
Venomous Bite	Venomous Bite
Elise lunges forward and bites her target, dealing magic damage equal to a base amount plus a percentage of her target's missing health. Damage is capped against monsters.
Vicious Strikes	Vicious Strikes
Olaf gains massive lifesteal and attack speed.
Visionary	Visionary
Nunu can cast a spell for free after 5 attacks.
Void Assault	Void Assault
Each rank of Void Assault allows Kha'Zix to evolve one of his active abilities, granting it an additional effect. Upon activation, Kha'Zix enters stealth and gains Unseen Threat, increasing Movement Speed. Kha'zix can cast Void Assault again for a short time after activation. Evolving active camouflage allows KhaZix to cast Void Assault three times over the course of its duration and reduces any damage he sustains while in stealth.
Void Ooze	Void Ooze
Kog'Maw launches a peculiar ooze which damages all enemies it passes through and leaves a trail which slows enemies who stand on it.
Void Rift	Void Rift
VelKoz sends out a straight line blast that tears open a temporary rift to the Void before exploding. Both the initial tear and the delayed explosion damage and apply Deconstruction stacks to caught enemies.
Void Rush	Void Rush
Passive: Rek'Sai gains attack speed. Active: Rek'Sai channels briefly before burrowing and dashing towards any of her tunnels while becoming untargetable, briefly gaining significant movement speed once she emerges. In addition to disabling effects, Void Rush's channel will be interrupted if Rek'Sai takes damage from champions or turrets. Interrupting Void Rush will put the ability on an 8 second cooldown.
Void Spike	Void Spike
Kha'Zix fires spikes that explode on contact, dealing physical damage to all nearby enemies. Kha'Zix is healed if he is within the explosion radius. Evolving spike racks causes Void Spike to fire three projectiles in a cone. Spikes will also apply Unseen Threat to all enemies caught within the area of effect.
Void Stone	Void Stone
Kassadin takes 15% reduced magic damage and ignores unit collision.
Volatile Spiderling	Volatile Spiderling
Elise releases a venom-gorged Spiderling that explodes after 3 seconds or when it nears a target, dealing {75/125/175/225/275} {+0.8} magic damage.
Volatile Spiderling / Skittering Frenzy	Volatile Spiderling / Skittering Frenzy
Volatile Spiderling: Elise releases a venom-gorged Spiderling that explodes when it nears a target. Skittering Frenzy: Elise and her Spiderlings gain Attack Speed.
Volley	Volley
Ashe fires 9 arrows in a cone, dealing physical damage to each target hit. Enemies can be hit by multiple arrows, but will only take damage from the first one. Volley automatically critically strikes against enemy champions, applying a slow equal to double the current value of Frost Shot.
Voracity	Voracity
Whenever an enemy champion dies within 3 seconds of Katarina dealing damage to them, her cooldowns will be reduced by 15 seconds.
Vorpal Blade	Vorpal Blade
Damages target unit and life taps him, healing allies that attack the target.
Vorpal Spikes	Vorpal Spikes
Cho'gath's attacks passively release deadly spikes, dealing damage to all enemy units in front of him.
Wall of Pain	Wall of Pain
Karthus creates a passable screen of leeching energy. Any enemy units that walk through the screen have their move speed, armor, and magic resistance reduced for a period.
Wallop	Wallop
Gnar stands on his back legs before slamming his fists into the ground, dealing physical damage and stunning enemies in a large area in front of him for 1.25 seconds.
Warpath	Warpath
Hecarim gains attack damage equal to a percentage of his bonus movement speed.
Way of the Wanderer	Way of the Wanderer
Intent: Yasuo's critical strike chance is doubled. Resolve: Yasuo gains Flow as he moves  the faster he moves, the faster his Flow meter fills. When full, Yasuo activates a brief shield after taking damage from enemy champions or monsters.
Whimsy	Whimsy
If cast on an ally, grants them movement speed for a short time. If cast on an enemy, turns them into an adorable critter that can't attack or cast spells.
Whirling Death	Whirling Death
Draven hurls two massive axes dealing physical damage to each unit struck. Whirling Death slowly reverses direction and returns to Draven after striking an enemy champion. Draven may also activate this ability while the axes are in the flight to cause it to return early. Deals less damage for each unit it hits and resets when the axes reverse direction.
Wild Cards	Wild Cards
Twisted Fate throws three cards, dealing damage to each enemy unit they pass through.
Wild Growth	Wild Growth
Lulu enlarges an ally, knocking nearby enemies into the air and granting them a large amount of bonus health. For the next few seconds, that ally gains an aura that slows nearby enemies.
Wind Slash	Wind Slash
Riven unleashes a 1600-speed wave of energy in a cone, dealing physical damage to all enemies hit. Damage is increased by 2.67% for every 1% of an enemy's missing health, capping at 200% more damage (300% damage total) against enemies with 75% or more missing health.
Wind Wall	Wind Wall
Active: Yasuo creates a wall of wind that slowly drifts forward for a few seconds. The wall blocks all enemy projectiles.
Winter's Bite	Winter's Bite
Braum propels ice from his shield that travels forward in a line, dealing magic damage and slowing the first enemy hit by 70% that decays over 2 seconds.
Wish	Wish
Soraka calls upon the stars, restoring health to all allied champions across the field. Wish can affect untargetable allies. Wish has a 50% increased heal on allied champions below 40% of their maximum health.
Wither	Wither
Nasus ages his target, decelerating their movement and attack speeds over 5 seconds.
Wolf's Frenzy	Wolf's Frenzy
Passive: Kindred builds stacks of Hunter's Vigor as they move around, up to 100. Once fully stacked, Kindred's next basic attack steals a flat amount of health from her target. Active: Wolf temporarily splits from Lamb and creates a large spirit zone around him for 8 seconds, attacking targets who are in the area automatically. Lamb can direct him to targets by attacking them. If Lamb leaves Wolf's territory he will cease attacking and join her. Wolf's attacks deal physical damage equal to a flat amount plus a percentage of the damage dealt by Mark of the Kindred.
Wuju Style	Wuju Style
Master Yi becomes skilled in the art of Wuju, passively increasing the power of his physical attacks. Activating Wuju Style doubles the passive bonus damage for a short time, but the passive bonus is temporarily removed after the effect wears off.
Yordle Snap Trap	Yordle Snap Trap
Caitlyn sets up traps which trigger on champions. When sprung, the trap immobilizes and reveals the champion. Caitlyn can also fire one long-ranged Headshot on trapped champions. Traps last 4 minutes.
Z-Drive Resonance	Z-Drive Resonance
Ekko's Zero-Drive charges his spells and attacks with temporal energy, making him build up Resonance stacks on enemies which last up to 4 seconds. Every third stack deals bonus magic damage and saps the target's movement speed. If the target is a champion, Ekko also gains accelerated movement speed.
Zap!	Zap!
Jinx fires a shock blast that deals physical damage and slows the first enemy hit, also granting true sight for 2 seconds.
Zaun-Touched Bolt Augmenter	Zaun-Touched Bolt Augmenter
Urgot's attacks reduce all damage that his target deals by 15% for 2.5 seconds.
Zenith Blade	Zenith Blade
Leona projects a solar image of her sword, which deals magic damage to all enemies in a line. When the image fades, the last enemy champion struck will be immobilized and Leona will dash to them.
Zephyr	Zephyr
Janna summons an air elemental that passively increases her movement speed and enables her to pass through units. She may also activate this ability to deal damage and slow an enemy's movement speed.